{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 The Powers That Be,\
I know my sudden correspondence with you must feel jarring. While we last spoke just this morning, before that, it had been almost a decade since I last contacted you\'97sincerely, that is.\
I really did believe in you at one point, Powers. You were the mythical body of authority tasked with bestowing humans\'97most specifically, and laughably, me\'97with superpowers.\
Earlier today, in a moment of true desperation (for why else would I masochistically ever speak to you again?), I had begged you to grant me the power to Close Any and All Doors. I admit, it\'92s definitely one of my more speculative asks, and eight-year-old me, who desperately wanted Super Speed, probably wouldn\'92t get it. But 23-year-old me is quite proud of its poetics. Doors, after all, not only keep what\'92s undesirable out but also prevent what we need from leaving\'97both very powerful abilities when you think about it.\
You can check the transcripts, but I think I might have said something along the lines of: \'93Fuck that bitch, Min. I want every one of her future opportunities to slam shut in her pretty face and break her perfect little nose, over and over again until her head is unrecognizable mush. I hope her rich dads run out of money, and that Greg finally sees her for the selfish cunt that she is. But mostly, I wish that I had been smart enough to glue the front door shut the night before, so that she could never ever leave\'97the two of us stuck together forever with no choice but to work things out, lest I torture her with my wicked presence for all eternity.\'94\
...after having some time to calm down, I admit I may have overreacted.\
I just couldn\'92t believe that my friend, my best friend of four years, was suddenly abandoning me\'97hated me so much she would be willing to pay double rent for three months, in NEW YORK CITY of all places. The sight of the apartment half-gone made me go feral inside: the fallen leaves from her removed plants, the mildew rings on the bathroom shelves from her missing beauty products, and the rectangles of clean where her furniture once lay now accented by moats of dust. The stark emptiness taunted me, ripping tears from my eyes and twisting my stomach into untie-able knots. \
Looking back on what I said this morning, and reflecting on the endless requests I have made over the years, I can\'92t help but scoff. How entitled of me to think that 1) Earth deserves any help and 2) that I could be the one to provide it. If anything, the world needs less of me, not a superpowered me. \
Min\'92s moving out not to spite me, but because I couldn\'92t make space for her, who she really is, and what she needs. I kept demanding reciprocation from her, but true friends give without expectation. Even Greg can\'92t be on my side anymore. I\'92ve pitted him against me and Min for so long; in the end, it makes sense that he would choose his romantic relationship over me. And poor Peter\'97I know he\'92s so sick of me. How annoying it must be to hear his girlfriend whine about such trivial matters all the time\'97matters that only exist because of her own unrelenting self-righteousness. The common denominator among all three strained relationships is my constant asking for far too much. \
Powers, I want to sincerely apologize for how misguided I\'92ve been all this time, motivated by my own ego and self-preoccupation. I should say sorry to my friends, too, but it may be too late. It makes me wish I could do it all over again\'85 perhaps what I\'92m really asking for are the powers of an Ultimate Restart? \
But I know you, Powers. You\'92ve always been stingy as hell, so why start giving me anything now?\
So, really, this is the last time you\'92ll be hearing from me. \
\
(Begrudgingly) with love,\
Mabel Yuanfang Cheng\
}