{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \'93The Animation floor,\'94 Greg clarified. And there on it, Mabel discovered, the Animation floor mural. \
When the elevator doors opened on 6, Mabel was greeted by an expansive wall of character doodles: Spongebob, Homer Simpson, Avatar Aang, Shrek, Bugs Bunny, Buzz Lightyear, Spider-Man, Naruto Uzumaki, Linda Belcher, the Colossal Titan, Rick and Morty. Some characters were drawn in their classic styles, while others were creatively reimagined in idiosyncratic scrawl. A few drawings were even framed and signed\'97by alumni, Mabel guessed. Between the faces she could recognize were figures she couldn\'92t quite place, most likely original creations from current and past students.\
The mural was, for lack of a better word, awesome. Completely and totally awesome. \
\'93Want to add something?\'94 Greg motioned toward the colored Sharpies hanging from the wall.\
\'93Oh, no, I couldn\'92t,\'94 Mabel demurred. \'93I can't draw.\'94\
\'93So? Just a scribble. It can be anything. It doesn\'92t have to be good.\'94\
\'93Easy for you to say.\'94\
Greg waved off the compliment. \'93If you want to keep looking, I\'92ll go get what I need.\'94\
\'93No, I\'92ll come with.\'94\
The only way to go was left, down a long narrow hallway. As they walked, the hardwood floors creaked and groaned. Compared to the rest of the modern Cinema building, the Animation floor felt like a step back in time, and with each stride, Mabel worried that the entire wing would cave in.\
At the end of the hallway was a set of double doors. It was plastered with layers upon layers of stickers, and even bore some graffiti. With some difficulty, Mabel read aloud a section of black spray-painted text: \'93Don\'92t\'85 open\'85 dead inside?\'94\
Greg flashed Mabel a look of pure shock. \'93Um, yeah. It\'92s a 
\f1\i Walking Dead
\f0\i0  reference... but you actually read it right.\'94\
\'93What? Where in the comics is that?\'94 Mabel asked. \
Greg\'92s stomach twinged. He supposed he shouldn\'92t be too shocked that Mabel had read 
\f1\i The Walking Dead 
\f0\i0 series, given their conversation about comics last week. \'93It\'92s not in the books. It\'92s a reference to the show.\'94\
\'93Ah, I haven't seen it.\'94\
\'93\'85 it\'92s worth checking out," Greg responded hesitantly. \
\'93Also, I read it the other way first,\'94 Mabel clarified, \'93The normal way, from left to right, top to bottom. But \'91Don't dead open inside\'92 doesn\'92t make any sense.\'94\
\'93Absolutely correct,\'94 Greg responded. \'93Many would agree with you.\'94 In fact, an entire subreddit called 
\f1\i DontDeadOpenInside
\f0\i0  had been created to highlight other signage that was similarly confusing in text layout, but Greg would have to explain this to Mabel later; he was running very, very late.\
They pushed through the double doors, and the quaint yet quirky atmosphere continued. They found themselves before a service window that opened into what appeared to be an overflowing equipment room. A wooden, hand-painted sign dangled above it, reading \'93The Attic\'94 in cartoon, bubbly letters. \
And that\'92s exactly what the whole floor felt like, Mabel affirmed\'97a place that could probably use a good dusting, filled with childhood treasures and warm memories. What an apt name.\
To the left of the equipment room, the hallway continued onward, beckoning Mabel further into the space.\
\'93Cutting it a bit close, aren\'92t we, Goodwin?\'94 A voice suddenly called out.\
A girl had popped into the service window. Her eyelids twinkled with shimmery gems. Bright pink barrettes pinned back her bangs. And her patchwork overalls looked earnestly hand-sewn. 
\f1\i Absolutely adorable
\f0\i0 , Mabel thought.\
\'93Soooooorry,\'94 Greg apologized, slinking up to the counter.\
Mabel checked a cuckoo clock that hung on the left side of the service window. It was 9:29pm.\
The girl feigned reluctance in passing Greg something that looked like a whiteboard. Greg opened his droopy, black JanSport backpack to receive it.\
\'93Make sure you return that when you\'92re done,\'94 the girl playfully pointed a stern finger at Greg. \
\'93Yes, I will. Thanks Ana.\'94 The two exchanged smiles, Mabel\'92s chest tightening as they did.\
\'93Do you need something, too?\'94 Ana turned to Mabel.\
\'93Oh, no, thanks.\'94\
\'93Alllllright, I'm closing up then!\'94 Ana cheered, pulling down metal security shutters. \'93Goodnight!\'94\
After finally zipping his backpack over the bulky equipment! Greg turned to Mabel, \'93Shall we?\'94\
\'93What is it?\'94 Mabel inquired, gesturing toward Greg\'92s bag.\
\'93A lightbox.\'94\
\'93Oh, we learned about those in lecture today.\'94 \
\'93Yeah, I need it for my first project for the Intro to Animation production class.\'94\
\'93What\'92s the assignment?\'94\
\'93Animating a bouncing ball.\'94\
\'93Cool,\'94 Mabel responded. Greg turned to leave.\
\'93Can... I actually see the rest of the floor?\'94 Mabel blurted. \'93Will you show me?\'94\
\'93Yeah, sure. There\'92s not much to see though.\'94\
Mabel begged to differ. The narrow hallway continued. On the right were two cozy classrooms, and on the left were three offices. Mabel saw a door that had Professor McFeely\'92s name on it, as well as a caricature drawing of him in a traditional Disney fashion. The other doors were decorated each in their own styles: the second looked incredibly AdultSwim-inspired and the third looked rather spooky in theme, like something out of Henry Selick film.\
The end of the hallway opened into a much larger space, split into two sections. On the right was a computer lab, and on the left was a more workshop-y area filled with long communal tables. For almost 10pm, the room was rather populated: a girl hunched over a Cintiq, drawing something that looked like a zombie girl scout; another student creating animated text graphics; one more modeling a car in a 3D program; and a few more seated at the desks. \
\'93Yeah, we don\'92t have that much space, because Animation is a perpetually under-appreciated medium. I think we literally occupy the alley that used to exist between the two buildings before they merged\'97hence the narrow hallways\'97but we make do.\'94\
\'93I love it,\'94 Mabel gleamed.\
\'93Transfer!\'94 Greg joked, though perhaps it wasn\'92t much of one.}