{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green242\blue127;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c95000\c57000;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	As she sat in at the Rockwell orientation, Min\'92s need for reassurance was as inflamed as ever.\
	Honestly, she probably hadn\'92t even needed to attend. On stage, she recognized almost all the administrators and faculty, needing no introductions. Academic policies, degree requirements, and campus resources were also nothing she didn\'92t already know. With no new content to hold her attention, Min\'92s thoughts were free to wander toward her insecurities.\
	\cb2 While far from religious, there were moments when Min\'92s self-doubt surged so intensely that she felt an overwhelming urge to pray. To whom, she didn\'92t know, but for what was crystal clear: an unshakeable sense that she was unquestionably worthy to be there, wherever she was.\cb1 \
	
\f1\i I\'92m almost done with my orientation, 
\f0\i0 a text from Mabel came in, interrupting her ruminations.\
	
\f1\i Me, too
\f0\i0 , Min responded.\
	
\f1\i Okay, see you soon, 
\f0\i0 Mabel replied.
\f1\i  
\f0\i0 \
	After ramen the night before, the two returned to their shared room, and began their first night as roommates. Classes didn\'92t officially start until the next week, so Mabel and Min discussed their plans for the interim period. Min found the whole idea of a Welcome Week to be sort of lame, but an event called \'93Pawsitive Vibes" peaked her interest. After all, who 
\f1\i wouldn\'92t
\f0\i0  want a free opportunity to interact with therapy dogs?\
	As soon as the orientation concluded, Min hurried over to the Griffin Student Union, where the event was taking place.\
	
\f1\i Line\'92s pretty long
\f0\i0 , Mabel informed her. \
	Min groaned in disappointment. She rounded the corner and indeed saw a queue of no less than a hundred students. \
	\'93What do you think? Should we wait?\'94 Mabel asked as Min joined her in line. There were about fifty people in front of them.\
	Min looked toward the makeshift pen that had been built in the plaza of the student union. Inside, a flurry of fur pounced and darted, drawing delighted shrieks from the students gathered around. \
	\'93Hopefully it goes fast,\'94 Min decided.\
	The line moved ploddingly. Five students were allowed in the pen at a time, and play was limited to 15 minutes. The two stood for over an hour, exchanging doubts every ten minutes, wondering if the wait was worth it. \
	Finally, their turn came. Almost immediately upon stepping inside, a dachshund puppy decided to relieve itself all over Mabel.\
	\'93I\'92ve always preferred cats,\'94 Mabel shuddered, excusing herself to head home and change. Left alone, Min was determined to make the most of her remaining time. Desperate to cradle a dog, she crouched down, hands outstretched, and tried to coax one into her arms. But each time she thought she had a puppy within reach, it leapt away with a playful yip, leaving Min empty-handed.\
	Finally, she managed to secure one, but there was nobody to capture the moment. Min tried to take a selfie, but in doing so, lost her grip on the wriggling body. The puppy tumbled over her arms and plopped to the ground with a thud, landing headfirst. It scampered away, looking unharmed, but the sickening sound of impact rang in Min\'92s ears. She felt eyes on her from all directions, and thoroughly embarrassed, fled the pen.\
	Min returned to the dorm as Mabel was stepping out of the shower.\
	\'93Maybe Improv Night will be better,\'94 Mabel consoled Min after she recounted what happened.\
	It was arguably worse. When Min couldn\'92t summon a single laugh during the initial acts, the two decided to cut that event short, too. As they trudged back to their dorm, dejected, the girls wondered what they should do next. Wasn\'92t college supposed to be fun?}