{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Mabel assumed that when the time came, no question on a medical school application would stump her. She had memorized her answers to obvious prompts, like \'93Why medicine?\'94 and sometimes recited them in the shower for fun. She kept up-to-date with the latest healthcare policies and had strong opinions on which ones should be revised. She even had a firm stance on physician-assisted suicide, though she herself preferred the term \'93medical aid in dying.\'94 (Whatever it was called, Mabel firmly believed that it should be legalized across all 50 states, because being 
\f1\i alive
\f0\i0  is not the same thing as 
\f1\i living
\f0\i0 ).\
So, why was this particular topic making her stumble so violently: \
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\b \cf0 Thinking of examples from your recent past, how would you assess your empathy and compassion?\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf0 \
The question felt like a softball, and yet Mabel\'92s eyes grew dry as she stared at the cursor blinking incessantly below the prompt, taunting her for a response. Hesitantly, she began to type, though her words felt more like thinking aloud on the page than a serious answer.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 There are some obvious ways I can approach this: volunteering at the clinic last semester, helping my brother\'85 \
How operative is the word 
\f0\i0 recent
\f1\i  here? \
Because if you had asked me when I was younger, as a comic-book-obsessed child, I would have said that it was everything but empathy I lacked. My compassion was innate, but my ability to do anything with it was what frustrated me. Super-strength, invisibility, time travel. \
I would often pray to \'93The Powers That Be\'94 but lacked other necessary powers, like super-strength, \
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\i0 \cf0 \
}