{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 .SFUI-Regular;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Work was work, and work was always boring. \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Jane Reynolds arrived at St. Matthew's Hospital early, the familiar scent of antiseptic and coffee greeting her as she stepped inside. The fluorescent lights hummed softly overhead, illuminating the stark white walls and sterile environment. She settled into her office, sipping her lukewarm coffee while booting up her computer.\
As she reviewed her calendar, filled with meetings and reports, Jane opened the supply expense report for Dr. Jonathan Morgan's department. The numbers flickered on her screen, and she began the familiar process of reconciling accounts.\
After a few hours of data entry, Jane\'92s mind began to wander, the monotony weighing on her. She glanced at the clock, willing the minutes to pass. It was then that she noticed something odd in the supply orders. A series of purchases had been made for standard medical supplies, but alongside them were a few higher-cost items buried within the routine orders.\
Curious, Jane highlighted the line items and clicked to see the details. At first glance, they appeared legitimate\'97items like \'93biomedical enhancers\'94 and \'93specialized reagents\'94 mixed in with syringes and bandages. But something felt off. She knew that Dr. Jonathan often ordered supplies for collaborative research projects, but the frequency of these specific items had increased significantly over the past few months.\
Lunch arrives, but Jane has little enthusiasm for the usual sandwich at her desk. She briefly considers joining colleagues in the break room but decides against it, preferring to eat in solitude. She scrolls through her phone, catching up on social media while munching on her bland lunch.\
Deciding to dig deeper, she pulled up previous months\'92 reports, carefully comparing them with the latest entries. The purchases seemed to correlate with the timing of various departmental meetings where Jonathan had presented new research proposals. He had a knack for framing his work as groundbreaking, often garnering enthusiasm and support from colleagues.\
As Jane continued her analysis, she found it curious that the items lacked detailed documentation. While the majority of orders had the necessary approvals, these particular purchases appeared to have been glossed over, tucked away among legitimate transactions.\
\'93Just a few high-cost supplies mixed in with the usual orders,\'94 she thought. \'93Nothing that raises a red flag on its own.\'94\
Her heart raced as she considered the implications. This wasn\'92t just a simple oversight; it felt like a calculated maneuver. Was Jonathan hiding something?\
With renewed determination, Jane took notes, plotting her next steps. She needed to confront Jonathan, but first, she wanted more evidence to ensure her suspicions were well-founded. As she continued to sift through reports, she felt the weight of responsibility settle on her shoulders. She was on the verge of uncovering something significant\'97something that could shake the very foundation of the hospital.\
This day had begun as an average day at work, but now it was turning into something much more critical. Jane steeled herself for the investigation ahead, determined to get to the bottom of Dr. Jonathan's activities.\
\
Working in a hospital was nothing like it looked like on the big screen. Especially when one wasn\'92t a doctor, but an accountant, as Jane Reynolds was. The only thing that her life had in common to an episode of Grey\'92s Anatomy was an inconveniently handsome doctor that roamed the halls, Dr. Jonathan Morgan.\
Dr. Morgan\'92s muscles could barely be contained in his crisp scrubs. His teeth were blindingly white and straight. His smile put all his patients at ease, despite the worst prognoses. \
He was the shining, star-studded oncologist at St. Matthew\'92s hospital. He saved lives. What did Jane do?\
Jane\'92s job was so boring that playing a soap opera of Dr. Morgan was sometimes necessary. Jane was so smitten with Jonathan that it would have been incredibly easy to overlook the slight oddity in the month\'92s supply orders. For a man as good looking as he could possibly do no wrong. \
What was it that made her check a second time? \
Maybe despite hating her job, Jane still wanted a job well done. \
What Jane really wanted to learn was how to program. Maybe then she could automate some of her tasks. That would allow her more time to the wander the halls so she could sneak more peeks at Dr. Morgan.\
\
The copium of corporate work? A bullshit job. Was Jane really helping? \
Okay I think I need to approach this more like a screenplay. I don\'92t need to describe all the fine details. \
\
The meeting room at St. Matthew's Hospital was bathed in soft, artificial light, its sterile white walls adorned with framed photos of smiling patients and staff. Jane Reynolds sat at the long conference table, her laptop open in front of her, financial reports sprawled across the table like an unyielding mountain of numbers.\
Dr. Jonathan Morgan entered the room with his characteristic flair, exuding a confidence that instantly brightened the atmosphere. He wore a tailored suit, the crisp fabric complementing his charismatic smile. \'93Jane! Thanks for setting this up,\'94 he said, his voice warm and inviting as he took a seat across from her.\
As they settled into the meeting, Jonathan began discussing the recent advancements in his oncology department, his passion evident as he spoke about groundbreaking treatments and patient success stories. Jane couldn\'92t help but admire his enthusiasm; it was infectious, drawing her in as he detailed the latest research and potential funding opportunities.\
However, as she listened, Jane\'92s eyes wandered to the financial report in front of her. She had been poring over the numbers all week, and despite his engaging presentation, she couldn\'92t shake the feeling that something was off. The recent spike in supply costs loomed large in her mind, coupled with the unapproved purchases that seemed to proliferate under Jonathan\'92s watch.\
\
On the outskirts of the solar system, a lone asteroid hurdled towards Earth. Space was so dark and lonely. It had traveled for very long, without anyone. Now it could see the brightness of the sun, the warmth welcoming it. \
Meanwhile, Jane Reynolds sat in her squeaky office chair in St Matthew\'92s hospital, tapping her pen furiously. She had been crunching the numbers all day, and refused to believe what she was seeing. \
Dr. Reynolds, meanwhile, was tending to a patient. Liver cancer. Terminal. Nothing he could do about it. This used to make him upset, but he perfected his speech. He still cared, he really did, but he had had the conversation enough. He knew what to say. \
\
\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 Dr Morgan tries to remember a time where he once really cared. Well, it's not like he didn't care anymore, its just that he used to care more. \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
When he saw his first patient die...\
\
It was like his sister all over again\
\
And the fact that he had experienced it over and over before didn't matter, at least not to the patient before him, who was going through this all for the first, and unfortunately, but also maybe fortunately last time. \
\
Dr Morgans initial helplessness used to result in sleepless nights, but now he felt like he was just showing up to deliver his lines in the play of life. \
\
His research was at a standstill. He needed something to change.\
\
And suddenly...\
	\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	How was he to break it to his patient? At most he had 8 months to live, a year if he wanted to be generous. Maybe even less than that if he didn\'92t head his advice, trying alternative, experimental treatments that would do nothing more than just wear him out. It wouldn\'92t be the first time a patient ignored his advice. It made sense No one wanted to die.\
	No matter, Dr. Morgan had a job to do. And Dr. Morgan was good at his job.\
	He smeared a look of abject seriousness across his face. But it wasn\'92t a dire face. Just a plainly truthful countenance. A man who knew what he was saying. A prognosis confidently given.\
	\'93So, Tom, I\'92ll be straight with you, you have\'85\'94\
	Then a sudden whistling could be heard. It had been a rainy, cloudy day, and Dr. Morgan had thought that the sun had come out again, but the bright glow just got brighter and more intense. Then there was a crash and everything went black.\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	\uc0\u9647 \u9647 \u9647 \u9647 
\f0  hadn't always been an asteroid. But it\'92s hard to float through space looking like something the universe has never seen before. 
\f1 \uc0\u9647 \u9647 \u9647 \u9647 
\f0  only became an asteroid because that was what it encountered most. At first it just played around with the shape, a lazy mocking. But eventually, it got bored so it thought it might as well give it a good try.\
\
So that's the form it took as it finally hurdled towards earth \
\
(ermagawd if I was gonna play around with Greg's gender fluidity honestly this is all making so much sense with his shapeshifting identity!! and i dont even think i intended on it)\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
***\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs34 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\b\fs36 Dr. Jonathan Morgan\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs34 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs26 	\'95	Clinician-scientist (oncologist [just physician] vs cancer researcher, hybrid of both)\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\strike \strikec0 At a standstill with his research, getting sick of not being able to help his patients\strike0\striked0 \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Poor bedside manner; has a script\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Trying to focus more on research, but perhaps burning himself out \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}^ Originally focusing on just the research alone, but realizes that he doesn\'92t have enough time, so pivots to trying to figure out a way to stop time \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs34 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\b\fs36 Jane Reynolds\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs34 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs26 	\'95	(Lowly?) hospital accountant\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Father got her the job? (too 1:1?) Maybe got laid off at her previous job, feeling imposter-y, self esteem is down \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Maybe used to incorporate more tech into her previous job? Wants to implement it here in the hospital, but does\'92t have the means? \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}How does programming/man in the van come into play?\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs34 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\b\fs36 The Hospital\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f2\b0\fs34 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs26 We need to examine the hospital as a character itself. \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Is it for profit? Is it not for profit?\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\sl264\slmult1\sb260\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs34 \cf0 <$Scr_Ps::0>
\f3\b\fs36 Dr. Maya Patel\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\sl312\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\f2\b0\fs34 \cf0 <!$Scr_Ps::0>
\f0\fs26 	\'95	Just a regular physician\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Not decorated like Dr. Morgan, but still wants to do more \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Dr. Morgan is doing Big Crime while Dr. Patel is doing smol crime\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Does she know Dr. Morgan? Does she see how the patients react to his coldness? \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Is she a therapist who is trying to do shoddy medical procedures? \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Can maybe interview Iris and see what she thinks. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Maybe following her patients after they are released?\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\
\
\
\
}