{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	Where was Mabel?\
	Just a week ago, Mabel had been aggressively present, eager to join Min at any Welcome Week event and go to any dorm party. Now, in the midst of the first official week of classes, Mabel\'92s availability had noticeably dwindled. Their suitemates, Carly and Bella, were MIA and asleep respectively. They weren\'92t certain if Carly would ever move in, and Bella, even if she were awake, would not be who Min wanted to talk to. Sweet but naive, Bella harbored an enduring passion for Disney princesses, and Min had no interest in receiving relationship advice from someone who idolized such traditional ideals.\
	In the past three hours, Min neither perused her syllabi nor got started on her first assignments. Instead, she busied herself with organizing her room: refolding her clothes, putting up decorations, and transferring all shower products into label-less containers, which while more aesthetic, made it impossible for her to identify them.\
	Bella\'92s soft snoring drifted in from the next room, an annoying reminder of Min\'92s own inability to fall asleep. Though physically tired from all the household rearranging, Min\'92s mind pounded with racing thoughts. Sleep escaped her, and all she could do was drape herself across her meticulously made bed, forlorn and restless, and aimlessly scroll through her phone.\
	Finally, keys jangled in the hallway, followed by the turning of the front door. Mabel was back. Resisting the urge to rush and greet her, Min waited patiently, listening to the rhythmic plops of Mabel\'92s shoes hitting the floor one by one.\
	\'93H-hey!\'94 Mabel greeted a little too loudly as she poked her head into their shared room.\
	Min, feigning surprise, glanced up briefly from her phone. \'93Oh, hi.\'94\
	Mabel dumped her backpack in the room, only to turn back around and hang up her jacket in the small common area. \'93Oh, my god, what is going on with Bryant?\'94 she called out. \'93I 
\f1\i just
\f0\i0  saw your texts\'97I have class until late on Wednesdays.\'94\
	Min glanced at the clock. It was almost 11:30pm. The latest scheduled UNYC class ended at 9pm\'97she knew because it was a huge point of discussion in her household one semester\'97leaving over two hours unaccounted for in Mabel\'92s schedule. Min didn\'92t want to waste time dwelling on the gap, however; she was mostly just relieved to have company.\
	Mabel scuttled into the room and immediately noticed the changes on Min\'92s side. The day after their ramen outing, Min announced her decision to commit to dorm life. Mabel, while greatly relieved, couldn\'92t help but remain slightly doubtful. Now, it appeared that Min really would stay. Strings of polaroids and fairy lights adorned the wall next to Min\'92s bed. She had satisfyingly matched her throw pillows to her rug. Her duvet cover was a simple, clean white. It was all very mature and elegant, and beautiful Min was the centerpiece to it all.\
	Mabel felt a twinge of childishness in her own decor. Her focal 
\f1\i Into the Spiderverse
\f0\i0  poster felt tacky and nerdy in comparison. The accompanying splattering of taped-up ticket stubs felt messy. Her flowery bedspread seemed too loud now, and she still had a lot of unpacking to do.\
	\'93I like what you did to your side,\'94 Mabel complimented. \'93I\'92ll get mine sorted soon.\'94\
	\'93Thanks!\'94 Min tossed her phone aside, ready to discuss Bryant. \'93Yeah, I have no idea what to do about him. Help. Come, sit,\'94 she instructed Mabel, tapping the spot on the bed next to her.\
	Mabel exhaled, reassured by Min\'92s demeanor; she didn\'92t seem upset. If anything, Min\'92s neediness evoked a smug sense of satisfaction in Mabel. As she moved toward Min, eager to begin the conversation, a stern voice in her head stopped her. 
\f1\i No dirty clothes on the bed! 
\f0\i0 her mother reprimanded.\
	\'93Let me\'85 change first,\'94 Mabel said. She found some pajamas, and while Min had made it clear that she didn\'92t mind bearing her naked body to Mabel when changing, Mabel was not ready to return the favor. With her back turned, Mabel asked, \'93What happened? I thought things were going well.\'94 She quickly pulled on an oversized Northwestern sweatshirt and joined Min on the bed.\
	Min scooted over, clutching a decorative pillow for comfort. She tucked a strand of perfectly curled hair behind her ear, took a deep breath, and began:\
	\'93We met during the admitted students\'92 weekend. Bryant sat beside me at the Rockwell information meeting. He\'92s so tall,\'94 Min gushed. \'93I could barely pay attention to what was being said, but honestly, I was mostly there to support my father. I know everything about Rockwell already.\'94\
	
\f1\i Right, Dean Dad
\f0\i0 , Mabel conferred with herself. Also, she never understood how someone\'92s height could be the sole factor in determining their attractiveness. Still, Mabel had to imagine that Bryant was both tall 
\f1\i and
\f0\i0  hot in order to catch the eyes of someone as attractive as Min.\
	\'93Afterward, Bryant introduced himself and mentioned he was attending a campus tour with his parents. He was curious if I had one scheduled too, hoping that we might be on the same one. I scoffed and told him I could give him a better, 
\f1\i private
\f0\i0  tour. He gladly accepted. So, I led him around campus, showing him all the best spots, but also the hidden gems that no one really knows about. Sure, I may not know every historical detail about UNYC, but silly trivia facts are not what convinces a student to commit. Hot girls are,\'94 Min smirked proudly.\'a0\'a0\
	Mabel blushed, laughing softly. Min\'92s charisma was undeniable, and Mabel felt vicariously charmed just hearing about it. \strike \strikec0 For reasons that differed from Byant\'92s, Mabel longed to be shown around by Min, as well. Mabel had never officially toured NYC; her parents hadn\'92t seen a reason in spending money to visit a school that Mabel might not attend. Mabel had tried to explain that such a visit would 
\f1\i help
\f0\i0  her decide which school to choose, but they never quite wrapped their heads around the concept. In the end, Mabel committed to UNYC without ever having seen the campus, let alone stepping foot in New York state.\strike0\striked0 \
	\'93They were scheduled to fly home that evening, and he had dinner reservations with his parents, so that was the last time I saw him, and he left me with probably the best first kiss of my life.\'94\
	\strike \strikec0 \'85 Mabel had never kissed anyone before.\strike0\striked0 \
	\'93We spent the entire summer texting each other. Bryant was the one who wanted to meet up as soon as we got to school. But because his travel plans got messed up, I wasn\'92t able to see him during Welcome Week because he hadn\'92t moved in yet. This afternoon was the earliest we could meet.\
	\'93Everything felt so perfect. We got a late lunch at a restaurant that I\'92ve been dying to try. I don\'92t know how he got a reservation\'97that place is booked up months in advance. He paid, and then afterward, we went back to his dorm room. He has a single,\'94 Min added, arching her eyebrows to emphasize the point. \'93So we start hooking up, and it\'92s 
\f1\i good\'85
\f0\i0 \'94\'a0\
	Mabel wanted to ask if \'93hooking up\'94 meant what she thought, but she refrained, continuing to nod along, masking her prude-ness.\'a0\
	Min, momentarily lost in remembrance, went on: \'93Afterwards, as we cuddled, I expressed how great it is to start college already having someone. That\'92s when Bryant freaked out, insisting he\'92s not trying to be my boyfriend or anything\'97\'94\
	\'93What?\'94 Mabel mirrored Min\'92s shock\'97their beautiful afternoon shattered in Mabel\'92s mind, too.\
	\'93Yeah!\'94 Min said, her frustration mounting. \'93I mean, did he string me along all summer so we could hook up once and be done with it? I\'92m here thinking that we have something real going for us, and he\'92s so repulsed by the idea.\'94\
	\'93Who is this guy? Is he stupid?\'94 Mabel blurted. The words were meant to be supportive jabs, but she also genuinely wondered why anyone wouldn\'92t want to be with Min. Even now, lounging on the bed in her casual, makeup-free state, Min looked effortlessly beautiful. \'93Honestly, Min, if he doesn\'92t like you back, then good riddance.\'94\
	Min looked visibly appalled. \'93You don\'92t think he likes me?\'94\'a0\
	\'93No! That\'92s not what I meant,\'94 Mabel quickly backtracked. \'93You deserve to be with someone who wants to be with you, too.\'94\
	\'93But why wouldn\'92t he want to?\'94 Min snapped. \'93
\f1\i He
\f0\i0  was the one who introduced himself, who talked to 
\f1\i me
\f0\i0  all summer, who asked me to meet up today!\'94\'a0\
	\'93I have no idea,\'94 Mabel shook her head, at a loss. Then, she grew more indignant. \'93Screw him! I feel like he was totally leading you on.\'94\'a0\
	Min wanted to build off of Mabel\'92s anger, but couldn\'92t. She was confused. \'93But we talked all summer! We even FaceTimed occasionally. He was always so sweet.\'94\
	Mabel sighed, \'93I mean guys can be misleading shit-bags sometimes. Maybe he was just after a hookup in the end.\'94 The second she said it, she wished she could take it back. Min gasped, a sound filled with hurt, and buried her face in her pillow. Mabel grasped for something more useful to say, but couldn\'92t find anything. A heavy silence befell them.\
	Mabel eventually asked, \'93So how did you leave things?\'94\'a0\
	Min mumbled something into the pillow. Mabel gently asked her to repeat herself.\
	Min lifted her head enough to be heard, her long, wavy hair forming a protective curtain across her face. \'93I got up and left. I was pretty upset.\'94\
	Mabel\'92s expression turned sympathetic. She rubbed Min\'92s shoulder. \'93I\'92m sorry, Min. Maybe give it some time? Perhaps you just caught him off guard. Can you have another conversation with him?\'94\
	Min hesitated, her voice uncertain. \'93Yeah\'85 but I don\'92t want to come across as desperate. He\'92s already made it pretty clear I\'92m asking for too much.\'94\
	Mabel probed gently, \'93What are you asking for exactly?\'94\
	Min paused, thinking. \'93I want him to feel the same way I feel about him.\'94\'a0\
	\'93And you want him to be your boyfriend?\'94\
	\'93I mean, I\'92m open to it! But I\'92m not going to pressure him. Clearly, he already feels like he\'92s being forced\'85\'94\
	Mabel looked around the room, as if an answer might be hiding somewhere. Nothing seemed to be helping\'97no, it was 
\f1\i Mabel
\f0\i0  who wasn\'92t helping.\'a0\
	Min\'92s voice was barely a whisper. Her eyes were beginning to water. \'93I just really, really like him.\'94\
	Mabel felt exasperated. \'93What can we do to make you feel better? Do you want to get our nails done this weekend? Does he follow you on Instagram? We can post some hot pictures of you\'97sorry, some
\f1\i  more
\f0\i0  hot pictures of you.\'94 (Min did eventually accept Mabel\'92s follow request during Welcome Week. \'93Sorry I just get so many follow requests I\'92ve stopped checking!\'94 she explained with a shrug.)\
	\'93We can dye your hair,\'94 Mabel continued. \'93We can cut it. I can do some sleuthing. I\'92ll discover all his weaknesses. We could start a rumor. I\'92ll soil his name across campus.\'94\'a0\
	Min rolled her eyes at all the ridiculous suggestions, but couldn\'92t help but let out a small chuckle, touched by Mabel\'92s fervor. \'93You know, I could really go for some ice cream.\'94\
	\'93Ice cream?\'94 Mabel repeated with slightly too much incredulity.\
	\'93Yes, a sundae would be great right now, don\'92t you think? Let\'92s go quickly before the dining hall closes. I think we can make it just in time.\'94\
	\'93Oh\'85 kay. Sure, let\'92s go,\'94 Mabel agreed, her grin forced. She supposed she could help herself to a second serving of dessert.}