{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \'93Yo, Greg!\'94 a voice called from behind them. It belonged to a weary-looking student in desperate need of some food and sleep. \'93You finish the bouncing ball assignment yet?\'94\
\'93Hey, Philip,\'94 The two boys dapped. \'93Nope, haven\'92t started yet. Just picked up my lightbox.\'94\
Philip\'92s jaw fell open, \'93But it\'92s due tomorrow.\'94\
\'93Yeah, I\'92ll be fine.\'94\
Philip gave Greg a look of suspicion. \'93And I thought I was cutting it close. I'm finishing mine up right now. Wanna check it out?\'94\
\'93Sure! Also, this is Mabel.\'94\
\'93Hi,\'94 she said shyly, though nevertheless glad to be introduced.\
\'93Hey,\'94 Philip shook her hand, \'93You in film, too?\'94\
\'93No... pre-med.\'94 \
Philip nodded without a word. (The admission of her major shouldn\'92t have to feel 
\f1\i so
\f0\i0  disappointing, Mabel thought, not only to others, but to herself, too.)\
Philip led Greg and Mabel over to where he had been working. Atop his desk space were several crumbled sheets of paper, various pencils, a 
\f1\i lot
\f0\i0  of eraser stubble, and a light box on which a tall pile of index cards sat.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93It\'92s a flipbook, right?\'94 Mabel referred the stack.\
\'93Yeah, exactly,\'94 Philip replied.\
Philip pulled out his chair and took a seat. Mabel and Greg crouched behind him, each peeking over one of his shoulders.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Philip brought the collection of index cards as close to their trio of faces as possible. Left hand gripping the spine of the book, with his other, he bent back the right edges of stack and began flipping through the cards one by one, holding on each illustration for a second before moving onto the next. When the drawings were viewed in quick succession like this, the result was the illusion of movement: a ball drawn in scraggly pencil entered the scene and dropped rather quickly to the ground. Once it hit the floor, it shot back up almost as quickly, defying the rules of gravity. Then, it arced back towards the floor, bouncing up and down rather jerkily a few more times before coming to a sudden halt. In the background of a few frames, you could see the gray smudge of the ball where it once was before it had been erased and its position adjusted.\
\'93It\'92s not the best, but my fingers are throbbing and my eyeballs feel like they\'92re going to fall out of my head.\'94\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Philip flipped through the animation a few more times.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Greg paused before responding, as if making a mental note.\'93It\'92s really not bad, man.\'94\
\'93How many cards is it?\'94 Mabel asked.\
\'93Fifty,\'94 Philip responded, sighing with exhaustion.\
\'93Wow! Fifty for just a few seconds of animation?\'94 Mabel exclaimed. \'93How long did it take you?\'94\
\'93Allll day,\'94 Philip moaned.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93On second thought, perhaps don\'92t transfer,\'94 Greg murmured to Mabel.\
\'93Eh,\'94 she shrugged. \'93That\'92s the same amount of time I spend on my Calculus problem sets.\'94\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93Up to you,\'94 Greg replied. \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mabel looked toward Philip who was now examining two specific index cards on the light box. With the illumination, he could see through several sheets of paper at once. In this way, animators could draw subsequent frames while still being able to reference the positions of their subjects on previous ones. Philip\'92s hand began to reach for a nearby eraser, but stopped short as a sudden resolve came over him.\
\'93It\'92ll have to do,\'94 Philip concluded, and after a beat, he immediately began to gather his things. Mabel could tell by his sullen face and his hunched posture that he truly had not a second of energy left within him, and that even cleaning up was difficult.\
\'93Just remember,\'94 Mabel tried to cheer him up, \'93What you created today was magic before our very eyes.\'94\
Philip stared blankly back at Mabel, perhaps too tired to process what she had said.\
\'93She\'92s in McFeely\'92s class with me,\'94 Greg tried to explained her corny attempt at consolation, though Mabel wasn\'92t trying to be cheeky. She really thought the medium was as close as humans got to visual sorcery.\
\'93Ah,\'94 Philip understood immediately, but nevertheless gave Mabel a sincere, albeit weak, smile of gratitude.}