{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Min and Donovan won the game quickly. Wobbly from the loss, Arjun tapped out, inviting Mabel to partner up with Marek for the next round.\
Mabel stepped up, cracked open a beer, and wordlessly helped Marek replenish their side of the table, the only sound between them the glugs of beers emptying out.\
Across from them, Min whispered something in Donovan\'92s ear, eliciting eager nods and a sudden burst of wide-eyed laughter.\
\'93Hey, Min. What kind of music do you like?\'94 Arjun called out from his spot on his bed where he had come to recline. He flicked through his phone, trying to decide what song to play next. \
\'93Ooh,\'94 Min put a finger on her chin, \'93I\'92m loving Kaytranada\'92s new album.\'94\
\'93You like Kaytranada?\'94 Both Arjun and Donovan blurted at the same time.\
\'93Yeah, I\'92m loving the track with Kali Uchis.\'94\
\'93That one\'92s fire,\'94 Arjun agreed, promptly adding \'9310%\'94 to the queue.\
A funky, syncopated beat began. Donovan immediately began to head bop. Min swayed from side to side. Arjun got up from the bed and, moving to the rhythm, made his way over to his desk to prepare another round of shots. \
Mabel looked toward Marek to see if he shared their enthusiasm.\
\'93I have no idea who this is,\'94 Marek shrugged.\
\'93Me, neither,\'94 Mabel admitted, feeling relieved. \
\'93You keep on takin\'92 from me but where\'92s my ten percent?\'94 Min and Donovan belted the chorus together.\
Mabel tried to make conversation with Marek. He didn\'92t have the most approachable countenance\'97a long face, dark under-eye circles, and a buzzed, blond hairline that was just beginning to recede\'97but Mabel found herself drawn to his hazel eyes. She wasn\'92t totally attracted to him, but she could see further alcohol consumption blurring the boundaries of her taste. \
 \'93What do you like to listen to?\'94 she asked. Before Marek could answer, Arjun approached them, balancing two shot glasses in one hand, the vodka inside them dangerously close to sloshing over. \
\'93Redeem me,\'94 Arjun nodded toward Mabel and Marek, raising his glass.\
Donovan and Min made their own toast, and the five threw back their drinks in unison. The second shot hit Mabel and Min hard.\
\'93Mabel!\'94 Min hollered. \'93Challenge me!\'94 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Oh, it\'92s on,
\f0\i0  Mabel felt a competitiveness overcome her as the heat of the vodka settled into her stomach.\
\'93Eye to eye,\'94 they chanted, and the girls launched their pingpong balls into the air.\
Mid-flight, the two balls collided. One made a soft landing on Marek\'92s pillow while the other darted under the radiator, its frantic bouncing echoing like a trapped critter. \
Min and Mabel retrieved the balls and tried again. Ping! They clashed once more.\
\'93Dang,\'94 Donovan scratched his head. \'93What are the odds of that?\'94 \
On the third try, Mabel\'92s ball swirled into a cup while Min\'92s just barely missed.\
\'93Guess we go first,\'94 Mabel declared casually, but inside she was screaming with pride.\
Min and Donovan\'92s performance took a dive the second round. They were more inebriated, Marek was warmed up, and Mabel, as she believed, was a reliable teammate.\
\'93Hey, you're not bad,\'94 Marek remarked, noticing Mabel\'92s skill as she cleared away a second cup. Min gulped down the beer sloppily, and Mabel flushed at the compliment, trying to hide its embarrassingly large impact.\
The drunker Min got, the more she leaned on Donovan to remain upright.  \'93Make \'91em kiss,\'94 Marek demanded. Arjun\'92s gaze shot up from his phone toward Min and Donovan; Marek only meant that he wanted the cups be pushed more closely together.\
Then, suddenly, Min and Donovan began to catch up. \
\'93Line, please,\'94 Donovan pointed, and Mabel rearranged the cups in a single column as requested. It was now three to two, with Marek and Mabel barely in the lead.\
Despite her own increasing intoxication, Mabel maintained her balance, refusing to allow herself any physical support from Marek. The effort actively felt like ignoring an itch; her buzzing body yearned for casual contact.\
Finally, it was down to one cup on each side. Again, Min and Mabel faced off.\
Min tossed her long curls out of her face with a dramatic flourish. She took aim, readying her shot over and over, her tongue peeking out in tipsy concentration. With a sudden flick of the wrist, Min broke out of the seemingly endless loop of preparation and sent the ball arcing through the air. It landed in the final cup with a victorious splash. \
Donovan erupted into a whoop, and Min jumped up and down in elation.\
\'93Hold on,\'94 Arjun interrupted. \'93Mabel still has a chance at redemption.\'94\
Marek handed her a wet ball. Mabel readjusted her stance, picking her feet up from the sticky floor and placing them wider apart. Within her blurry field of vision, Mabel tried to create a tunnel of focus with the final cup at the center. She inhaled deeply and, on exhale, released the ball. \
It missed the table completely.\
\'93Hah, airball!\'94 Donovan couldn\'92t help but cackle. Min collapsed into his arms and they celebrated with an unsteady hug.\
Arjun shook his head in disappointment. \
\'93Do you wanna swap back in?\'94 Marek asked Arjun, unfazed by the outcome.\
\'93No,\'94 Arjun declined. \'93Let\'92s go out.\'94\
\'93Where?\'94 Marek asked.\
\'93Apparently, there's a bar that doesn\'92t card about ten minutes south from here.\'94\
Mabel looked toward Min to corroborate this fact, but she was too intertwined with Donovan to respond.\
\
Buoyed by another round of shots, the five staggered towards the bar. Min and Donovan lagged behind, and Arjun found himself torn between leading the group and hanging back to try to make conversation with Min.\
As they neared the corner, Mabel spotted a rowdy line of college-aged kids. Arjun squinted ahead. \'93Shit, it looks like they\'92re checking IDs,\'94 he observed. \'93Does everyone have a fake?\'94\
Everyone nodded, except Mabel. \
\'93That's okay! I\'92ll just go home,\'94 she stammered. \'93You guys have fun,\'94 she added, already turning on her heel.\
Suddenly, Min ripped herself from Donovan\'92s side and affixed herself to Mabel instead. \'93I\'92m going back with you,\'94 she declared, leaving Donovan looking gobsmacked and Arjun wondering if he had wax in his ears.\
Mabel, equally taken aback, murmured to Min, \'93Are you sure?\'94\
\'93Yeah, I've been here before,\'94 Min whispered back. \'93Not worth it.\'94 \
With a reassuring grip on Mabel\'92s arm, Min began steering them back towards the direction of the dorms. With a final wave, she called out over her shoulder, \'93See you later, boys!\'94}