{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Over sundaes, Greg and Mabel learned that while they might share the same taste in comics, they certainly disagreed on what constituted a good dessert.\
\'93That\'92s an abomination,\'94 Mabel pointed her spoon at Greg\'92s creation. He had selected a base of vegan chocolate, drenched it with strawberry syrup, and topped the whole thing with Twizzlers, pistachios, and pretzels. \
\'93That\'92s boring,\'94 Greg accused. Mabel had chosen a pre-built option: a banana split. The only thing unconventional about it was that she had thrown a handful of marshmallows over it. \
It didn\'92t bother either of them that they didn\'92t have each other\'92s approval in this regard. Instead, they marveled at the unbelievable freedom they had to indulge in whatever they wanted at that moment; only a college dining hall could provide such unrestricted access to an unlimited variety of calories.\
\'93Why do you want to be a doctor?\'94 Greg asked between large spoonfuls.\
\'93To help people,\'94 Mabel answered simply. \'93Why film?\'94\
\'93To get the weird stories out of my head,\'94 Greg responded with a similar plainness. \
As they shared more, Mabel learned that Greg was the only child to a single mother, had lived in five different countries throughout his life, and despite previously suggesting they could talk more about art over food, remained hesitant to reveal much about his drawings.\
\'93I just like doodling,\'94 he shared reluctantly. \'93It\'92s nothing serious.\'94\
In turn, Greg discovered that Mabel was a twin to a brother, had been one of the few Asian students in her high school, and at the last minute, decided not to take a gap year working with Volunteers Around the World, a non-profit organization involved in global health outreach.\
\'93Even though we would be the ones providing the immunizations, my parents were convinced I would get sick and die abroad. I guess I also didn\'92t want to be a year behind my other friends who were all going to college.\'94\
All in all, the evening couldn\'92t be described as anything other than extremely pleasant. As they spoke, however, Mabel felt her phone buzz several times. Mabel didn\'92t think Greg had noticed, and when he left to use the bathroom, she found a few more texts from Min, elaborating on the earlier situation with the boy. As much as she wanted to spend the rest of the evening (and perhaps also the rest of her life) with Greg, Mabel feared that by continuing to neglect Min, she would erode the foundation she had worked so hard to build. \
\'93That was such a good idea,\'94 Mabel expressed earnestly when Greg returned.\
\'93You\'92re welcome,\'94 Greg winked. \
\'93I would love to keep talking, but I need to get up early for class tomorrow.\'94 Mabel wasn\'92t sure why she lied. \
\'93Yeah, I should get back.\'94 \
The two rose, gathered their trash, and returned their bowls and spoons to the dish washing window. They climbed the stairs to the main floor of Mallard and stopped before the exiting turnstiles.\
\'93I guess I\'92ll see you next week,\'94 Greg said. \
\'93Yes,\'94 Mabel responded, and then felt crushed when she registered how far away that felt. \'93See you then.\'94\
Neither moved to leave and the two stood, facing each other for a long moment. Should they hug?\
Mabel tentatively raised a hand, offering a final goodbye. At this, Greg waved back, turned around, and finally left. She watched him slip through the revolving door and slowly recede into the night. When he was finally out of sight, Mabel rushed upstairs to a waiting Min and hoped that too much damage hadn\'92t been done. }