{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 	As Min and Mabel entered Mallard, they were greeted by the lively hum of students in the lobby. Some, having already locked themselves out of their rooms, clustered around the resource desk to request temporary keys. Others lingered by the staircase that led down to the dining hall, awaiting friends for a meal. With a tap of their IDs, Min and Mabel crossed the turnstiles and made their way to the Tower Two elevator bay. A group of boisterous guys, armed with black plastic bags, lined up behind them. The elevator arrived with a ding and they all crammed in. Mabel pressed the button for the eighteenth floor and asked the guys where they were headed.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\pardeftab720\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93No wayyy, we're on eighteen, too,\'94 one of them exclaimed. \
On second glance, the boys did look vaguely familiar, faces from the initial floor meeting perhaps. They squinted back at Min and Mabel, some recognition dawning on them, too. Mabel noticed that they held their gaze on Min a bit longer than they did on her.\
The elevator lurched upward. Arjun, the one who just spoke, reintroduced himself. He was studying sports medicine and shared a room with Marek, a transfer student from Poland. Donovan lived in their adjoining room. When the doors opened, Arjun stepped out first.\
\'93Do you guys want to come over and party?\'94 He held up the black plastic bags for emphasis. Again, Arjun mainly looked toward Min, but made quick eye contact with Mabel, as well, out of courtesy.\
\'93Um, yes,\'94 Min replied. \
\'93Sweet,\'94Arjun smiled.\
\'93What are we drinking tonight?\'94 Min peeked into the bags.\
\'93Good stuff,\'94 Arjun pulled away playfully, offended that she needed to check. \
While the two danced their dance, Marek took the lead and turned left toward 18J, located at the opposite end of the hall from Min and Mabel\'92s room.\
\'93Do you guys have fakes?\'94 Mabel asked Donovan, wondering how they had acquired the \'93goods.\'94\
\'93Marek\'92s just old as fuck,\'94 Donovan chuckled. \'93We lucked out.\'94\
Marek pulled out a hefty ring of keys from his pocket, opened the front door, and the five disappeared into the suite.}