{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform1{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 As Philip finished packing up his stuff, Greg eyed the clock. The impromptu tour and flipbook viewing had taken around thirty minutes, and it was approaching 10pm.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mabel used her superpowers of perception and could sense that Greg was a bit stressed. \'93What time is your production class tomorrow?\'94\
\'939am!\'94 Philip answered emphatically on his behalf, reemphasizing his disbelief that Greg had not begun yet. \'93Good luck, dude. Looking forward to seeing your work tomorrow. And nice to meet you, Mabel.\'94 As soon as Mabel and Greg finished returned pleasantries, Philip scurried away.\
\'93Are you worried about getting your animation done?\'94\
\'93A little bit,\'94 Greg admitted.\
\'93Do you want to skip dessert?\'94 Mabel offered.\
"Not realllllly," Greg whined cutely.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mabel was stressed on his behalf, but flattered he still wanted to hang out. (Truthfully, she should also have been anxious for herself, as she, too was procrastinating homework.\'94\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93Let\'92s make it fast then?\'94 she suggested.\
Greg sighed. \'93Yeah, okay.\'94\
So the two sped-walked from the Cinema Building to the dining hall, shoveled down some sweet concoctions, and then were met again with an awkward parting.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Still not wanting to say goodbye, Mabel suggested working. somewhere together.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Greg hesitated. \'93Sure,\'94 he finally said. \
Mabel wondered what he had been considering in that time. 	\'93Do you want to go back to the animation floor?\'94 he asked. \'93I feel like we'll have the most space there.\'94\
\'93So soon? I\'92m overjoyed.\'94\
Once back on the 6th floor, they found most of the tables empty. Besides them, there was only one other student remaining, working on the computer lab side of room.\
\'93I'm going to need some space...\'94 said Greg.\
\'93Same,\'94 replied Mabel. \'93Calculus always takes me 50 pages to do\'85 Comparable to a flipbook, I guess!\'94 eliciting a chuckle from Greg.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Greg took the first long table for himself and Mabel the second. The two faced each other. \
Mabel had always preferred to study alongside others, though not for its boosts in productivity. In fact, it often hindered her progress, and nothing was more distracting than co-working with a cute boy. But what was she going to do, choose responsibility over pheromones? Luckily, the healthy distance between bodies alongside the urgency of imminent deadlines might actually do her some good for once.\
Greg had always been shy about his work and often worked better alone. It wasn\'92t because he disliked company\'97quite the opposite, actually; it was just easier to not have to wade through any feelings of self-consciousness at all. But in less than ten hours, he would be screening his animation to his entire class, so there was really no point in continuing to be coy. Plus, Mabel was decent company, to say the least.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 The two found themselves erasing large portions of drawing and math work. Eraser scraps littered the entire peripheral of their workspace. Mabel would make the occasional glances up towards Greg, though Greg never seemed to make them back. The glow of the lightbox on Greg's face. That was another one of Mabel's superpowers \'96\'a0the ability to be able to perceive if someone was looking at her from the corner of her eye without looking up. It was 11:30, then midnight, then 1am, and then 2am, before Mabel and Greg both put their pencils down and finished their work at the same time. \
\
"Okay, should we show each other our work then?"\
\
Greg examined at her Calculus problem set. "It's beautiful, I feel like you've created all the assets to that math equations waterfall animation meme. And wow, your handwriting is incredible.""\
\
"Thank you so much.""\
\
Should she ask her if he could see his animation... she had already asked so many times to no avail. This time though, she didn't have to. Greg offered. He straightened out his stack of index cards, dropping them against the table to straighten them, rotated, straightened. He flipped through the deck once and then again on his own to see it. Then he beckoned Mabel over and she slotted herself behind Greg's shoulder, her cheeks next to his, her hand on the back of his chair, the other on the desk next to his discarded index cards.\
\
The scene depicted a man sitting at a desk with index cards scattered in front of him. He leans back in his chair, brings his hands to his face, rips his eyes out of their sockets, and releases the tension from his arms, letting the eyeballs fall from the hands, land on the floor, and bounce a few times. Mabel thought that she could hear the splats of the bounces and the squelches of the eyeballs.  It was rough but the motion was fantastic, and any messiness/sketch-like quality of the piece added to the frenzied stress of the character.\
\
"I love it," Mabel said. "You're clever \'96\'a0meta."\
\
"Got inspired from Phillip... and you. You definitely looked like that over there." \
\
So he had been looking at her after all. \
\
---\
\
The exhaustion of the night hit them both at once, and not soon after they were done with their work, Greg and Mabel decided to head home. Upon leaving the front doors of the Cinema Building, the two immediately had to go in different directions. Out of awkwardness, the two didn't hug, and again, simply waved goodbye. \
\
Mabel got home and tried to be as quiet as possible when she saw the lights to her room off. She tiptoed in and immediately found herself tripping over something. She cursed, and then cursed at herself for cursing, hoping she didn't wake Min. She turned on the flashlight to her phone, and found boots and shoes strewn about and a stack of clothes in place of where Min should be sleeping.\
\
"Interesting..." Mabel thought to herself. She checked her phone and didn't see any messages from Min. Should she be worried? She sent her a text, asking where she was, but assured her that Min was an adult. Maybe she went back home for the night. Mabel would ask her to share locations next time the saw each other.\
\
Mabel got ready for bed, and even though it was nearly 3am, Mabel did her nightly ritual of scrolling meaninglessly through her phone, except this time, she actually had something concrete and meaningful to do.\
\
"Goodwin" \'96\'a0that is what the girl on the animation floor had called Greg. Mabel did some internet sleuthing. The power of having someone's last name. "Greg Goodwin UNYC" took her to a high school website that listed where all their graduates were going to college. \
\
She then typed in Greg Goodwin and the name of the high school and found some high school video projects he had posted on YouTube\'a0\'96\'a0reports on this or that. She took note of the screenname of the account, and then typed the handle into Instagram.  \
\
An account called Greg Goodwin popped up \'96\'a0a good sign \'96 but the account was private. The follow request button taunted Mabel, but what really perturbed her was his profile picture. It was of someone in a Spiderman mask next to someone else in a Spiderman mask. Two spidermans. *Who is that person standing beside him?* Mabel thought, *And does he love them?* }