{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Stomach bloated from two helpings of dessert and her mind high on sugar, Mabel laid sleepless in bed, her mind raging against whoever thought it was a good idea to have seven days in a week\'97the amount of time she would have to wait until she saw Greg again.\
The day came faster than she thought. The weekend was punctuated by impromptu dorm parties and the weekdays filled with Chemistry and Calculus problem sets.\
On Wednesday night, Mabel found her seat in the front row of the auditorium. She gave Professor McFeely a wave, which he returned kindly. Just short of class starting, Greg slid into the auditorium and plopped himself into a seat closer to Mabel this time, acknowledging her with a small nod. She flashed him a smile that she hoped wasn\'92t too wide.\'a0\
\{Insert lecture content\} Mabel scribbled down her notes furiously. Greg was doodling again.\
When class ended, Mabel turned to Greg, \'93Any chance I can see who\'92s getting pegged this week?\'94\
Greg snapped his notebook shut, still protective of his work. \'93Just so you know, it was actually tender love-making today.\'94\
\'93Aw, how sweet.\'94\
\'93Speaking of sweet\'97dessert?\'94 Greg asked.\
Mabel nodded, warmth immediately flooding her stomach. Was this the beginning of a routine?\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 In the lobby, right as they were about to exit the building, Greg stopped short, remembering something. \'93I need to drop by 6 before we go.\'94 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mabel cocked her head. \'93The 6th floor? What\'92s on 6?{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://AE31DD1D-8D0B-40D4-9452-A8E833F35D15"}}{\fldrslt \'94}}}