{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 For perhaps the 15th time that night, Mabel exchanged phone numbers with the stranger she found before her. The stranger\'92s name? She had no idea, though it had definitely been said. Music was blaring at a volume that was almost certainly causing irreparable damage to the inner ear and begged the question: Well, how exactly is one supposed to mingle at the Mallard Residence Hall Welcome Mixer, mingling\'97being the point, right? After all, to get to know each other requires being able to hear one another, right?\
Mallard, the largest and oldest dorm at UNYC, consisted of four large towers, cleverly named One, Two, Three, and Four. According to the school\'92s website, the residence housed more than a thousand students\'97250 of which Mabel estimated to be packed into Mallard\'92s internal courtyard right now, where the party was taking place.\
\'93Nice meeting you\'85\'94 Mabel looked down at the new contact just entered into her phone, \'93...Sidney.\'94 Mabel could barely make out her own words.\
\'93You too!\'94 the girl shouted back. \
Mabel smiled toothily, feeling the need to exaggerate her expression to make up for their lack of audible exchange.\
\'93See you around!\'94 Sidney appeared to say as she left, wriggling through the crowd onto the next person.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 I\'92ll probably never see her again
\f0\i0 , Mabel thought. She took a big breath in and then released the air in an even larger exhale. Could she do a 16th person? \
With Sidney\'92s departure, Mabel was thrust yet again into the sea of freshly abandoned 18-year-olds. The virulent expectations of forming those long-talked-about \'93college bonds\'94 bounced between the bodies, every interaction punctuated by feelings of manic-ness and not without several moments of awkwardness.\
Mabel scoped out her surroundings and about twenty feet away near the drinks table, at the center of the courtyard, she saw Min standing hip to hip with Eunice, a girl from a neighboring suite. An hour earlier, the two had made their acquaintance at the floor meeting, drawn together by what Mabel was convinced was an invisible, magnetic force that demanded attractive people to know one another. Together, they looked like the formidable high school bullies you could find in a K-drama\'97Min the shorter, curvier main villain, and Eunice the taller, more angular sidekick. They sniggered throughout the entire meeting and Ronny, their RA, couldn\'92t decide if he was going to be chill or stern with them.\
Now, the two were making flirty conversation with a pair of ridiculously tall and athletic-looking guys. Mabel sighed, knowing she would probably never be able to pull men in the same way that girls who looked like them could. While marginally better dressed than she had been during her initial introduction to Min, Mabel was still nowhere near comparable to Min and Eunice; they were on another level entirely\'97effortlessly cool\'97and the best Mabel could do with her shakily drawn-on eyeliner and strappy sandals (which were not cute enough for how uncomfortable they were) was to be somewhat, effortfully lukewarm. \
Just as Mabel happened to be gawking, Min caught her eye. 
\f1\i Shit
\f0\i0 . Mabel quickly pretended to be looking elsewhere, but to her shock, Min gave a small, subtle wave in her direction. Mabel resisted the urge to cartoonishly turn around, check behind her, and then finally point at herself to reconfirm, \'93Me?\'94\
Min whispered something to Eunice, eliciting a pout. To the guys, she made one last remark that triggered an exaggerated reaction of disappointment. Then, she began snaking her way through the crowd toward Mabel.\
\'93How\'92s it going?\'94 Min yell-asked. \
\'93Going alright,\'94 Mabel enunciated slowly. \'93How\'92s Eunice?\'94\
\'93Oh, she\'92s fine.\'94 \
Fine? Just fine? \'93She seems cool,\'94 Mabel responded, trying to hide her despondency.\
\'93Eh,\'94 Min shrugged. \'93Do you want to get some real food?\'94\
\'93You don\'92t want to get to know more people?\'94\
\'93No, why? Do you want to stay?\'94\
\'93Uh, not really.\'94\
\'93Great, let\'92s go,\'94 Min grabbed Mabel\'92s hand and began to pull her through the mass of students. Mabel grew stiff at the physical touch but held on firmly, imagining herself as a lost piece of clothing not worthy of being retrieved if she were to become detached. \
When they eventually managed to extract themselves from the crowd, Mabel eagerly released a held breath and a sweaty palm. Min, too, took a sharp exhale, proud of her navigational efforts. They pushed through the double doors of the North exit, turned right into a hallway of colorful informational posters and welcome decorations, walked past the elevator bay that would have taken them up to their shared room, and into the lobby of Two, the northeast tower of Mallard. As they exited through one side of the security turnstiles, a student struggled with his ID on the other, the gates beeping and flashing red, forbidding his entrance.\
They left through an ornate revolving door, a remnant from when the building used to be a five-star hotel. As they rotated out, a cool, end-of-summer breeze splashed onto their faces along with a cloud of cigarette smoke. A few students were gathered in a circle right outside the building, lighting up and taking a break from the party. Sounds of the mixer could still be heard, but the booming bass was now considerably muffled. \
Min paused, thought for a moment, and then as if guided by an animalistic instinct, set her sights to the right. \'93Ramen,\'94 she stated more than asked.\
\'93Yes,\'94 Mabel responded, her stomach almost trilling in agreement. The last time she really ate was earlier this morning when she was handed a ziplock bag of Chinese tea eggs packed for the long journey. \'93Hurry. Eat. We\'92re late,\'94 Mabel\'92s mom\'92s words echoed in her head. \
\'93Great, I know the perfect spot,\'94 Min started walking east. Mabel obediently followed.}