{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	Certain things in life are certain. For Min, those things were 1) her first-born daughter would be named Poinsettia, 2) LCD Soundsystem\'92
\f1\i s \'93oh baby\'94 
\f0\i0 would forever remind her of her first ex, and 3) she would get admitted to UNYC.\
	With one of her dads a dean at the school, she was a shoo-in. Min knew this, her fathers knew this, and her snooty high school classmates knew this. While she never heard the latter say it aloud, the message was clear: Min\'92s admission would never be deserved.\
	But that wasn\'92t necessarily true. Her grades were above average. Min ran track and field, occasionally placing in her hurdling events. In orchestra, she sat amongst the first violinists. She wasn\'92t at the front in either extracurricular but definitely amongst the top 10%. Who\'92s to say she couldn\'92t get into UNYC on her own merit?\'a0\
	Her Korean peers held a particular disdain for her. They scoffed at her lack of even the most basic Asian pop-culture knowledge, and yet not so secretly harbored envy for her last name.\
	During senior year, Ella Porter became the talk of the class. Rumor had it that she had been selecting \'93Caucasian\'94 on college applications in an effort to hide her half-Chinese heritage. That way, she could improve her chances of getting into an Ivy League school. As much as it angered her classmates, Ella was undeniably mixed, and frustratingly within her rights to mark down that identity.\'a0\
	Min\'92s peers presumed Min might employ the same slippery self-identification tactics as Ella, going so far as to take advantage of the Moreno half of her last name and mark herself down as \'93Hispanic.\'94 Min would never. However, in the competitive atmosphere of New York City private schools, this truth was impossibly difficult to convince others of.\'a0\
	\'93I could get in even without my dad,\'94 Min said to herself while composing her personal essay.\
	\'93I could get in even without my dad,\'94 Min repeated when she submitted her application.\
	\'93I could have gotten in even without my dad,\'94 Min affirmed once more when she received her acceptance letter in the mail.\
	\'93Good job, honey!\'94 Pap\'e1 gave her a big squeeze.\
	\'93You so deserved this,\'94 her dad, the dean, said.\
	Min tried her best to believe it for herself.}