{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	\'93Seventeen dollars?\'94 Mabel scanned the menu one more time, seeing if a more affordable option had somehow evaded her. \'93I thought ramen was supposed to be cheap\'85\'94\
	\'93I think you\'92re confusing ramen with cup noodles,\'94 Min rolled her eyes. She watched with slight embarrassment as Mabel continued to flip the laminated paper violently from front to back to front again. \'93...do you want to go somewhere else?\'94\
	\'93Oh, no, not at all,\'94 Mabel shook her head vigorously. The girls had managed to snatch the last two bar seats\'97a pretty big deal, according to Min\'97at the most narrow restaurant Mabel had ever sat in.\
	Min tried to soften. \'93Trust me, it\'92ll be worth it once you try it.\'94 She reminded herself that not everyone grew up here. \'93Where are you from again? Have you not had ramen before?\'94\
	\'93I\'92m from a suburb outside of Chicago: Tulston. I guess I\'92ve only had the Top Ramen and Maruchan my dad brings home from the Asian grocery store.\'94 Mabel continued to study the entree options in consternation. \'93You\'92re from around here, right?\'94 She remembered one of Min\'92s dads mentioning the possibility of Min living at home instead. The suggestion had planted a seed of possible abandonment in Mabel\'92s stomach, which she now subconsciously watered by inquiring further.\
	Min scoffed. \'93Yeah, like five blocks that way,\'94 she stuck a thumb behind her.\
	\'93Wow.\'94 Mabel had been torn between UNYC and a university she ultimately decided would be too close to home. But even then, it had been an hour away by car, nowhere near walking distance. \'93You didn\'92t want to try somewhere farther?\'94\
	\'93I mean, this is the best city in the world," Min said cockily. \'93Where else could I have gone?\'94\
	Mabel smiled\'97finally, a real conversation with Min. On the way over to the restaurant, there had been little opportunity to talk. Mabel was too focused on 1) trying to keep up with Min\'92s egregious jaywalking and 2) taking in what she would agree with Min was probably the coolest city she\'92d ever been in\'97the place that she would also unfathomably call home for the next four years: New York City. \
	\'93How was it growing up here?\'94 Mabel asked, eager to know.\
	\'93I loved it,\'94 Min began. Mabel leaned in. Now, (and though she would never be able to articulate this strategy so concretely because it was mostly subconscious on her part), Min had two choices regarding how to continue:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl336\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
End here\'97less is more; an air of mystery is heartily established; the baton is passed back to her conversation partner.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Elaborate\'97she controls the dialogue; additional details could further captivate her audience; no awkward silences.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	Min decided to paint a fuller picture: \'93I could go anywhere I wanted on the train from a young age. Every weekend, I would take myself to a different museum. My local playground was literally Central Park. I could meet up with my friends whenever and wherever I wanted. We ate so much good food. I never got bored.\'94 \
	Mabel was rapt. \
	\'93You ready?\'94 a man behind the bar cut in, popping Mabel\'92s bubbly vision of Min\'92s luxurious childhood. Suddenly re-aware of the restaurant and her still unselected main course, panic reentered Mabel\'92s eyes.\
	\'93Two shoyu ramens, please,\'94 Min responded slickly. \'93And a takoyaki,\'94 she added before handing over her menu. She gestured for Mabel\'92s too, and Mabel happily relinquished the document that had caused her much distress.\
	\'93Thanks,\'94 Mabel replied graciously. Then, resuming the earlier conversation: \'93That sounds so incredible. Were there any downsides?\'94\
	
\f1\i High school
\f0\i0 , Min immediately answered in her head, but this time, she did not divulge the information aloud. In fact, she chose to lie instead: \'93No, not really.\'94\
	\'93Wow,\'94 Mabel repeated. She could have asked for more details, but let herself fill in the blanks of Min\'92s youth with the extravagant depictions of the city she had been fed by the television series Gossip Girl\'97\'93summer reading\'94 (albeit self-assigned) that Mabel not only uncharacteristically finished but binged before arriving at UNYC.\
	How had Mabel grown up in comparison? Her parents actively tried to delay her independence instead of fostering it, convinced that Mabel could forgo getting her driver\'92s license for \'93just one more year,\'94 every year. On the weekends, there were no cultural excursions\'97just studying, studying, and studying, or so her parents had wished. If Mabel\'92s father, Zhiqiang, could have chained Mabel to the dining room table, he would have. Surely then, under his 24/7 academic supervision, his daughter would have gotten into an even better university (read: an Ivy League school). \
	As for food, Chipotle was the most exciting place Mabel and her friends would frequent. While the burritos made no attempt to break any culinary grounds, they also didn\'92t break their wallets. And by suburban Michelin guidebooks, that was real excellence in dining.\
	As if to signal how far she had come, a tray of ramen bounced into Mabel\'92s view, carried dexterously by a waiter. The bowls were the largest ones she\'92d ever seen. When placed before her, they took up her entire field of view. In their deep centers sat a thick bed of perfectly wavy noodles, looking more like art than food. Full-bodied flavors curled up into her face. On smell alone, Mabel knew it was delicious already.\
	\'93Never gets old,\'94 Min said through slurps, not wasting any time admiring the dish as Mabel had. \
	That\'92s right. How many times had Min eaten here before? Mabel was reminded again about Min\'92s alternative living options.\
	\'93So are you going to stay in the dorms?\'94 Mabel asked outright.\
	Min continued to chew instead of responding. \'93I\'92m not sure\'85\'94 she finally said.\
	Mabel deflated. It\'92s not like she had any sway here. If it had been her on the fence about living on campus or staying at home, having a roommate as cool as Min would be reason enough to give it a chance. For Min, however, would living with Mabel have any perks? If anything, why share a room when Min probably had a penthouse suite to herself?\
	\'93Actually, I\'92m not sure if I have a choice. I\'92m pretty sure my dad won\'92t let me stay at home.\'94\
	\'93Yeah\'85 wait,\'94 Mabel\'92s head hurt. \'93I thought one of them seemed to encourage it, though?\'94 \
	Min knew references to her fathers confused people. And while it would be vastly more convenient if she were to clarify names from the outset\'97for not only others but also herself\'97each passing year only seemed to make Min grow even more unwilling to explain. \'93Well, 
\f1\i Pap\'e1
\f0\i0  wants me to stay at home,\'94 she emphasized condescendingly, \'93But 
\f1\i Dad
\f0\i0  won\'92t allow it.\'94 Mabel didn\'92t deserve her sass, but Min could no longer rein in the beast of her stubbornness.\
	Mabel didn\'92t mind and hardly noticed. More focused on presenting herself as a fast learner, Mabel echoed the stress: \'93Why won\'92t your 
\f1\i dad
\f0\i0  let you?\'94 \
	Again, Min felt her frustration grow. Mabel had been nosy enough to overhear the family conversation, which was irritating enough on its own. And now, she couldn\'92t seem to put two and two together? \
	\'93What are you studying?\'94 Min questioned.\
	\'93Biology, but it could change. I want to be a doctor.\'94\
	Okay, perhaps Min\'92s anger was unfounded. How would Mabel know?\
	\'93My dad is Gerald Reese. Dean of Rockwell? The business school at UNYC??\'94 Min\'92s statements became increasingly question-like as she realized Mabel wasn\'92t registering anything that she was saying. \
	\'93Oh, your dad is a dean? That\'92s so cool!\'94 Mabel blurted. 	Min reacted with a frown.\
	\'93Or!\'94 Mabel scurried to try to figure out what mistake she had made. Panic pierced her stomach as she finally began to feel Min\'92s mounting annoyance. Mabel racked her mind for an answer.\
	\'93It must be nice in some ways,\'94 Mabel tried again. Min\'92s face continued to sour, but Mabel quickly held up her hand as if to halt Min\'92s assumptions for just a moment. 
\f1\i Give me a chance to prove to you I understand
\f0\i0 , Mabel insisted. \
	\'93You already know the campus. You\'92re in your element. You know where all the good food is,\'94 Mabel gestured toward their surroundings. Min pursed her lips, not disagreeing, but obstinately not agreeing either.\
	Mabel continued: \'93Earlier today after my parents left, I had no idea what to do with myself\'97where I should go, if I should try to knock on someone\'92s door and introduce myself. After all that moving, I was starving, but I was too nervous to go to the dining hall by myself.\
	\'93In that sense, I feel like you\'92re lucky to have a nice head start... But I understand you must be worried about people finding out about your dad just like I did. The last thing you want is people treating you differently. Assuming things about you.\
	\'93I ended up going to UNYC because I wanted my own life. The other option was Northwestern, where my dad went. I like it there; it\'92s a great school. But it must be hard\'97at least it was for me\'97trying to choose between the familiar, safe option and a scarier, newer opportunity.\'94\
	Though Mabel didn\'92t get it fully, she did seem to understand it enough. Min really hadn\'92t spoken to anyone at all about this, and here was a stranger intuiting, rather well, all the tangled emotions that arose from the situation. Min rolled her eyes, less out of annoyance, but more because she was desperate to escape Mabel\'92s piercing gaze. She knew looking away wouldn\'92t prevent her from being seen, but it was the only way she could think to somewhat alleviate the hot glimmering that had begun to form in her eyes\'97evidence that Mabel\'92s reaching had indeed bore some truth.\
	Mabel could sense it and took a breath of courage. \'93Well, I think you should stay in the dorms,\'94 she advised. 
\f1\i For my sake
\f0\i0 , she couldn\'92t help thinking. \'93It\'92ll definitely be a little less comfortable, but I think it\'92ll help you become your own person, away from your family. At least that\'92s what I\'92m hoping to do\'85\'94 Mabel lowered her voice. Was she going to say what she thought going to say?\
	\'93And you\'92ll have me,\'94 she went for it. \'93It\'92ll be fun!\'94 \
	Mabel flashed a corny grin. Min\'92s eyes remained focused on her bowl as she fished for any stubs of ramen that remained in her soup. \
	
\f1\i Oh, no
\f0\i0 , Mabel cursed herself. 
\f1\i Shit, shit, shit. I shouldn\'92t have\'96\

\f0\i0 	\'93You\'92re right,\'94 Min finally said. \'93Thanks, that was actually really helpful.\'94 Min had a habit of sounding sarcastic when she attempted to be sincere, but hopefully, the sentiment came across.\
	\'93Oh, I\'92m so glad!\'94 Mabel looked pleased with herself. \'93I do really sort of get it.\'94 \
	Yes, but no; Mabel didn\'92t even understand the beginning of it.}