{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 The exhaustion of the night hit them both at once, and not soon after they were done with their work, Greg and Mabel decided to head home. Upon leaving the front doors of the Cinema Building, the two immediately had to go in different directions. Out of awkwardness, the two didn't hug, and again, simply waved goodbye. \
Mabel got home and tried to be as quiet as possible when she saw the lights to her room off. She tiptoed in and immediately found herself tripping over something. She cursed, and then cursed at herself for cursing, hoping she didn\'92t wake Min. She turned on the flashlight to her phone, and found boots and shoes strewn about and a stack of clothes in place of where Min should be sleeping.\
\'93Interesting...\'94 Mabel thought to herself. She checked her phone and didn't see any messages from Min. Should she be worried? She sent her a text, asking where she was, but assured herself that Min was an adult. Maybe she went back home for the night. Mabel would ask her to share locations next time they saw each other.\
Mabel got ready for bed, and even though it was nearly 3am, Mabel did her nightly ritual of scrolling meaninglessly through her phone, except this time, she actually had something concrete and meaningful to do.\
\'93Goodwin\'94\'97that is what the girl on the animation floor had called Greg. Mabel did some internet sleuthing, now with the power of having someone\'92s last name. \'93Greg Goodwin UNYC\'94 took her to a high school website that listed where all their graduates were going to college. \
She then typed in Greg Goodwin and the name of the high school and found some high school video projects he had posted on YouTube\'97reports on this or that. She took note of the screenname of the account, and then typed the handle into Instagram.  \
An account called Greg Goodwin popped up\'97a good sign\'97 but the account was private. The follow request button taunted Mabel, but what really perturbed her was his profile picture. It was of someone in a Spiderman mask next to someone else in a Spiderman mask. Two spidermans. \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Who is that person standing beside him?
\f0\i0  Mabel thought, 
\f1\i And does he love them?}