{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \'93Wine, for the ladies,\'94 Arjun presented the evening\'92s beverages with a flourish. Along with the wine, he unveiled a handle of vodka and a 30-pack of beer, setting each item carefully on the solid, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://D81FA336-715E-441D-83E5-706075E24147"}}{\fldrslt standard-issue wooden desk provided by the university.\
}}\'93Not bad,\'94 Min approved.\
\'93Pong?\'94 Donovan asked.\
Marek gave a nod, and Donovan proceeded to pull out a folding table from the closet. (Mabel knew she had forgotten to pack something essential\'85)\
\'93Where\'92s Kyle?\'94 Mabel asked, having seen the fourth name on the door as they walked in.\
\'93Sleeping,\'94 Donovan replied, a trace of annoyance in his voice.\
Mabel winced at the loud rap music playing from the Bluetooth speaker.\'93Should we be quieter then?\'94 she asked. \
Donovan scoffed, his irritation seeming to deepen.\'93If he expects to sleep at 9pm on the first real night of college, dude\'92s whack.\'94 \
Everyone seemed to agree with that logic. Mabel considered suggesting they relocate to their suite instead, until she saw how carelessly Donovan was pouring beer into the cups. She also thought of inviting her suitemates, Bella and Carly, to join but quickly dismissed this, as well. As much as she hated to admit it, Mabel enjoyed the exclusivity of being the only ones included, even if she was technically Min\'92s plus one.\
\'93Alright, five people, how should we do this?\'94 Donovan asked after the setup was finished.\
\'93I can sit out the first round,\'94 Mabel offered. \
\'93Let's all take a shot first, though,\'94 Min insisted.\
\'93Alright, you got it,\'94 Arjun reached for the vodka. \
Marek smirked. \'93It's Polish,\'94 he said with a slight accent. \
Arjun poured out the portions and handed a glass to everyone in the room. \
The five circled up, and Mabel felt the slightest amount boxed out. \
\'93Cheers,\'94 Min raised her shot in the center. It was met with clinks, and everyone downed their vodka. Shudders, groans, and sharp exhales followed. Mabel\'92s eyes rolled back. Only Marek seemed unfazed.\
\'93Who wants to be on my team?\'94 Min bounced up and down, perhaps energized from the shot. Everyone\'92s eyes went to her tits, even Mabel\'92s. \
\'93Me,\'94 Donovan stepped forward confidently. Mabel looked toward Arjun, who was cursing himself for not acting faster. Marek seemed like he could care less.\
\'93Alright, man! We got this,\'94 Arjun shouldered Marek, trying to make himself feel better. The two teams split off onto opposite sides of the table. Mabel leaned back on a nearby bed, making a distant spectator out of herself.\
\'93How good are you?\'94 Donovan asked Min.\
\'93Very,\'94 Min swung her hips to tap Donovan playfully in the thigh. \
\'93Heh, alright,\'94 Donovan grinned.\
Mabel tried to imagine herself in Min\'92s place and couldn\'92t fathom it. Min was oozing confidence and sexual energy. Arjun ripped open a box of ping pong balls and passed one to Min. \
\'93Eye to eye,\'94 the two said at the same time, facing off. Arjun\'92s shot missed, but Min's sailed straight in. Donovan\'92s jaw literally dropped, looking like a caricature of a typical, lovestruck guy.\
Mabel sighed. She was good at pong, too, but probably not as good as Min. Or not hot enough for it to make a difference.}