{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Mabel\'92s parents ended up leaving earlier than expected. Uncharacteristically, they didn\'92t linger or fuss. As Mabel went to fetch her dad and luggage, the furniture rearrangement project was quickly completed, and the bedroom now proudly passed all feng-shui tests. While Liling waited, she scrubbed the bathroom clean. With only water and the dorm-supplied one-ply toilet paper, she was able to wipe down the toilet, sink, and shower to glimmering results, speaking to both her skill and determination. Just as she was polishing away one last stubborn stain, she heard Mabel and her husband, Zhiqiang, clunk through the door (missing the departure of Min and her dads by just a few minutes before) and quickly joined the two in emptying Mabel\'92s towering cart of suitcases and moving containers.\
With one last grunt, Mabel lifted out the last of her things: a box of books. Fully ready to deflect organizational help from her mother and offers to hang and mount things from her father, Mabel was instead greeted with silence. As soon as the bin was cleared, Zhiqiang ambled his way toward the entrance of her room, cleared his throat, and suggested that he and Liling get going if they wanted to make it back to Tulston at a reasonable hour. Mabel\'92s mother, usually clingy, surprisingly agreed. \
\'93Your brother\'97we can\'92t leave him for too long,\'94 Liling smiled and frowned at the same time in the way that only mothers manage to do when they have to explain something inconveniently true about their children.\
Mabel had always found it awkward to hug her parents, and the three stood unmoving for a couple of excruciating seconds. Finally, Mabel took a step forward toward Zhiqiang. He circled his arms around her, like a hula hoop; his method was to go heavy on the back slaps and to minimize torso-on-torso contact as much as possible. Despite not having much hair left, Mabel\'92s father always smelled of Head and Shoulders shampoo. \
Liling reeked of department store perfume. The strength of the scent often gave Mabel a headache, but at times, she found it comforting that even when her mother was no longer in a room, Mabel knew exactly where she had been sitting 30 minutes prior.\
Mabel\'92s mistake when she leaned into her mother was to look her in the eye. Almost instantly, Liling\'92s waterline began to glisten, and Mabel instinctively pretended not to notice. She reacted by pulling her mother in quickly and staying in the embrace for longer than she would have normally, praying that it would be enough time for Liling to suck those tears right back up. \
Though she didn\'92t think about it at the time, Mabel now realized that that hug would be the last time she would smell her mother for a while. As her parents bickered on the drive over, arguing about which way the GPS was really pointing, Mabel couldn\'92t wait to finally get away from them after eighteen long years. Now, as she stood alone in her room with no clue what to do next, Mabel also couldn\'92t believe that she wouldn\'92t see them again tomorrow. }