{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green242\blue127;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c95000\c57000;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \'93Unfortunately, because of the technical difficulties at the start, we have run out of time to discuss this last film.\'94 Professor McFeely made a hand gesture toward the back. With a clank and a groan, the projector screen retreated back into the ceiling. The room filled with the sound of bodies rustling and bags zipping. The house lights brightened, and Mabel squinted, reluctantly returning to reality. \
\'93We\'92ll review the takeaways next week. Thank you so much for your patience. Have a good rest of your night.\'94\
As students rose to leave, auditorium seats clapped shut in a jumbled symphony. Mabel slowly packed up her own belongings, her mind still working to digest all that she had seen. While everyone cleared out, the student at the end of Mabel\'92s row remained seated, engrossed in drawing just as he had been at the beginning of class. As Mabel stood up, curiosity led her to glance over once more, and she caught a glimpse of something truly grotesque: it appeared to be\'85 (and there was no better way to put this) Walt Disney fucking Mickey Mouse in the ass. With vigor.\
Mabel felt herself pulled to turn and walk out the other side of the row; this should have been a clear sign for her to not initiate a conversation with this person. However, it actually made her want to do the exact opposite. Honestly, what did she have to lose?\
She approached. \'93Hot,\'94 she said. \
The student didn\'92t respond. He continued scribbling, and then finally registering the figure in his periphery, looked toward Mabel, standing a few feet away.\
\'93Are you talking to me?\'94 he looked very confused.\
\'93Yeah, I like your drawing.\'94\
He snapped his sketchbook shut.\
Mabel winced. She shouldn\'92t have pried. \'93I\'92m sorry, I\'97\'94\
\'93It\'92s fine,\'94 he said quickly. \'93They deserve some privacy though.\'94 He tucked the sketchbook into his bag, gave it a pat, and winked. At the joke, Mabel relaxed a bit and let out a soft chuckle.\
\'93I\'92m Greg,\'94 the student introduced himself, standing up and extending an arm.\
\'93Mabel,\'94 she replied, shaking his hand. It was slightly clammy and so much larger than hers. \'93I\'85 did actually like the drawing, by the way.\'94\
From what little she had seen, despite the graphic nature, the drawing had been incredibly well-executed. As an avid comic book reader, Mabel had encountered various illustration styles. Greg\'92s work was detailed, animated, and repulsive all at the same time. She wished she could inspect it in more closely.\
\'93I was just messing around.\'94\
\'93Do you draw a lot?\'94 Mabel tried to imagine what else might be between the pages. \'93How did you learn?\'94\
Greg smiled at the onslaught of questions. \'93Why don\'92t we continue this \'92Artists on Artists\'92 talk over some food?\'94 He motioned towards the exit.\
\'93Oh, I\'92m not an art student,\'94 Mabel corrected. She had barely processed the flattery of being asked to share a meal; her mind was still on the idea that she didn\'92t belong there.\
\'93Oh?\'94 Greg led the way out, holding the door of the auditorium for her. Mabel bowed in thanks. The two walked side by side in the empty corridor. At almost 9:30 pm, most of the Cinema School building had cleared out.\
\'93Yeah, I\'92m actually pre-med, but I really wanted to take this as an elective,\'94 Mabel explained. Greg stood a good foot taller than her, and she glanced up at him expectantly.\
Greg simply nodded.\
Feeling that her explanation still wasn\'92t adequate enough, Mabel added, \'93I love comics, and The Language of Animation was the closest I could get.\'94\
Greg perked up at this. \'93Do you have a favorite?\'94\
\'93The\'85 Quixotic Quad,\'94 Mabel replied sheepishly.\
A sly grin spread across Greg\'92s face. He raised a fist and, relieved, Mabel returned the approving bump. \
\'93We might just get along then, Doctor,\'94 he said. He opened the door for her again, this time leading out into the streets of New York.\
It was warmer outside than it had been in the building, and yet Mabel felt a shiver run through her body. \'93Which ones have you read?\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Greg said.\
\'93Sorry? Which ones?\'94\
\'93All of them.\'94\
Mabel\'92s eyes widened, \'93Really?\'94\
Greg shrugged, feigning nonchalance, but a smirk suggested a sense of pride. \'93My mom always encouraged scholar-like diligence in all my endeavors... She\'92s a professor.\'94\
\'93Of what?\'94\
\'93Comparative literature.\'94\
\'93I\'92m not sure what that means, but I like to compare the different Quixotic Quad universes with each other. Does that count?\'94\
Greg laughed. \'93I think you get the gist then.\'94\
\'93So, which universe is your favorite?\'94\
\'93Well, we should obviously both answer at the same time.\'94\
This suggestion made Mabel unreasonably nervous. Suddenly, she felt the whole world and its endless possibilities narrow into this one moment, and everything relied on how Greg answered. If he didn\'92t respond with the same comic, she feared that her stomach, along with her own personal universe, would rip in two.\
\'93Ready?\'94 Greg asked, excitement in his voice.\
\'93Wait, you know yours already?\'94 Mabel panicked.\
\'93Of course.\'94\
\'93But there are so many\'85\'94\
\'93Come on, you know,\'94 he insisted.\
Mabel frowned. \'93Okay, well mine is\'97\'94\
\'93Please say New\'97\'94\
\'93New\'97\'94\
\'93Visions,\'94 they said together. \
The two beamed at each other; and the space-time continuum remained intact for yet another day. \
Greg had said \'93please\'94 before answering didn\'92t he? The word echoed in Mabel\'92s head, making her unreasonably warm inside; it seemed she hadn\'92t been alone in wanting the two to share a favorite.\
\'93Technically, it\'92s not its own universe\'96\'94 Greg began.\
\'93But a\'96\'94 Mabel knew where this was going.\
\'93Limited series,\'94 they concluded in unison.\
Mabel\'92s cheeks hurt from grinning. \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 The Quixotic Quad: New Visions
\f0\i0 . In a moment reminiscent of a life flashing before one\'92s eyes, Mabel became awash in all the feelings the series had evoked in her, both in acquiring it and reading it. \
During the series\'92 release, Mabel impatiently awaited each issue in the mail. To keep her father unaware of her subscription, she rushed home from school every day to discreetly check the mailbox before he could. When the coveted parcel finally arrived, Mabel deftly plucked it from among the other letters like a spy securing a precious jewel. \
At night, Mabel enjoyed clandestine readings beneath her covers. Occasionally, an audible gasp would escape her, and she prayed that she hadn\'92t woken her parents (who forced the whole family to sleep with their doors open). Even though it had been awhile since she had read the series, memorable lines and jaw-dropping plot points still managed to form a vivid supercut in her mind. Certain panels she could, to this day, recall with picture-perfect precision, and she chuckled at how in the periphery of all these memories, Pokemon bed sheets hung above her.\
A year after the release of its final issue,
\f1\i  The Quixotic Quad: New Visions
\f0\i0  was collected as a graphic novel. On its publication day, Mabel traveled to Chicago, exchanged a month\'92s worth of babysitting money for a copy, and placed it gingerly at the center of her comic book shrine upon returning home. There it sat, proudly on display for two years, before traveling with her to UNYC. She had yet to create a new altar for it, and the novel remained tucked away, still waiting to be unpacked along with the rest of her belongings. \
All these recollections coalesced into what could best be described as a warm anxiety within Mabel\'92s chest\'97a predominantly positive tension that held longing, exhilaration, and comfort. Suddenly, all Mabel wanted to do was return to her dorm, unearth the novel from its moving box, and read it all over again. \'93It\'92s soooooooo good,\'94 she exclaimed, releasing the pent-up energy into words. \
Greg nodded emphatically in agreement, though his gaze was averted and unfocused. Mabel assumed that behind his glassy eyes, he, too, was fondly replaying his own journey with the series.\
He was, and more. Just to be sure that they had made the right choice, Greg sifted through a few other installments of 
\f1\i The Quixotic Quad
\f0\i0  in his mind. The others, while good, didn\'92t evoke nearly as much affection as 
\f1\i New Visions
\f0\i0 , allowing him to confidently reaffirm their choice: \'93New Visions is simultaneously the tightest-feeling story while still going the deepest; it\'92s the right amount of exploration without going too crazy into Impeder\'92s powers.\'94\
\'93Yeah, once he\'92s Unlocked, the plot gets too convoluted with all the different timelines,\'94 Mabel agreed.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://16BBD6C5-0C80-4ECB-A636-3D9014E33900"}}{\fldrslt \cf0 \'93Hey, anything to keep making the money right?\'94\
This made Mabel grimace. Throughout the conversation, Greg had noticed how expressive her face could be. In fact, her entire body seemed intrinsically linked to her emotions. Her pace had significantly quickened as they started talking about New Visions. Now, at Greg\'92s mention of the comic\'92s capitalistic intentions, Mabel came to a sudden halt.\
\'93I\'92m just kidding!\'94 he quickly backtracked, feeling an urge to restore her prior glowing elation. \'93That\'92s what we\'92re here for. To become artists! Not sellouts.\'94\
Mabel\'92s expression fell even further, if that was possible. \'93Again, not an art student,\'94 she reminded him.\
\cb2 Ah, that was right. In their moment of unexpected compatibility, Greg had briefly forgotten. Upon remembering, Greg felt a little betrayed\'97not that he cared whether Mabel was an artist or not, but because he had formed a vision where the two would synchronize their class schedules, exchange gossip about their classmates in hushed whispers, and perhaps even collaborate on an animation or comic together. Greg had let himself construct an illusory future, an unreality woven from potential alone. He made the mistake of investing too deeply in someone who was essentially a stranger\'97someone who owed him nothing and could vanish from his life at a moment\'92s notice\'97and all this, he knew better than to do.\
\cb1 \'93Right, well, doctors are more important than artists anyway.\'94 \
Out of all the possible responses, this was one of the worst things Greg could have said. He could tell, once again, by looking at Mabel\'92s face, which now looked like she had been forced to eat dirt. Greg berated himself, feeling responsible for shattering their magical moment. Mabel, unable to meet Greg\'92s eyes, took in her surroundings for the first time. \'93Wait, where are we?\'94}}\
Greg, too, looked around, and was met with unfamiliarity. He actually jumped in response, genuinely startled that he had become so absorbed in conversation that his environment had become of no concern to him. \'93I was following you!\'94\
At his exaggerated reaction, Mabel snorted loudly. The tension broke between them, and Mabel and Greg found themselves laughing together yet again.\
\'93Let\'92s see where we are.\'94 In Greg\'92s company, Mabel had blissfully forgotten about her phone. She fished it out from the side pocket of her backpack to find a missed call from Min. Mabel flushed with flattery. Were the two of them close enough to call now? Actually, on second thought, had something happened to Min? Why a call instead of a text? \
\'93So, where did we end up?\'94 Greg interrupted Mabel\'92s thoughts.\
Right. Mabel pulled up her maps app, and while trying to show Greg where they were, a few messages from Min flew in: something about the boy she had met during the admitted student\'92s weekend the prior spring.\
\'93Someone\'92s popular,\'94 Greg remarked.\
\'93Just my roommate,\'94 Mabel responded. Well, a roommate whom Mabel greatly admired and still very much wanted to impress. Though their relationship had improved vastly since their first encounter, Mabel felt it still required a lot more investment before she could feel totally secure in it. Helping with boy drama was a way to fast-track this, and Mabel considered how much closer they could get if she dropped everything and rushed to Min\'92s aid now.\
\'93Seems like she needs assistance.\'94\
\'93No, it\'92s fine,\'94 Mabel responded almost too quickly, and swiped away the texts. If she dwelled on who to choose at this moment, Min or Greg, she would never be able to decide. \'93We were trying to get food,\'94 Mabel recalled. \'93What are you feeling?\'94\
\'93I\'92m not too hungry, actually, but are you in the mood for dessert?\'94\
\'93Literally always.\'94  \
\'93I hear the Mallard dining hall has great sundaes.\'94\
\'93That\'92s where I live.\'94\
\'93Ah, lucky. I\'92m in Beckett.\'94 Beckett was a newer dorm, but considerably further from the main campus. Unlike Mallard, which had been a five-star hotel, Beckett was previously an underfunded public housing project until UNYC acquired and completely reconstructed it two years ago. Although it boasted modern and well-appointed furnishings, Beckett\'92s overall atmosphere felt sterile. Some more conscientious residents, Greg included, couldn\'92t shake the feeling that they had taken housing from those in greater need.\
\'93Honestly, with how far we walked, I think we\'92re actually closer to Beckett,\'94 Mabel gathered from the map. \'93Are you sure you still want to go back toward Mallard?\'94\
\'93Yes, now my body won\'92t rest until it\'92s ingested some ice cream.\'94\
Mabel smiled. \'93Okay, then.\'94}