{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 The rest of the week continued as such: rather than risk disappointment at another potentially lackluster Welcome Week event, Min and Mabel simply waited for the inevitable knock on their door, a neighbor eager to invite them over. Not only did they find that dorm parties were much more reliable, they were also far more enjoyable.\
In this way, Min and Mabel got acquainted with a few more floor mates. Tara and Lena, innocent-looking enough, invited them over for what turned out to be a live scream-o performance. Mabel was shocked that two small girls could generate such loud shrieks from their bodies. \
Raj and Evan asked the girls to come smoke with them, but Min and Mabel both preferred drinking more. \
They even reunited with Eunice, who Min had befriended at the floor meeting, but as the host, Eunice started drinking too early and kicked everyone out when she started projectile vomiting only thirty minutes into the gathering. \
Mabel invited Bella along to some of these gatherings, but Bella, having never had any high school partying days and intending on remaining abstinent, politely declined. Carly still hadn\'92t moved in yet. \
After all their experimenting, the girls found that they enjoyed the company of the boys from 18J the most.\
\'93Can\'92t believe classes are starting tomorrow,\'94 Arjun shook his head.\
\'93Cheers to one last night of fun,\'94 Donovan raised a glass and the four others joined him in the center. He took a peek toward Min, hoping that his luck might change on this last night. \
Min remained alluringly elusive, yet again.}