{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	There are two types of people in the world: the ones who make you feel better about yourself and the ones who make you feel worse about yourself. And on the first day of college, Mabel found herself amongst two strong-hitters for the latter: her mother and her new roommate, Min.\
	Liling Jie (stay-at-home-mom of two, first in her family to immigrate from China to America) was squinting at the beautiful, although racially ambiguously-looking girl who had just appeared in the doorway of her daughter\'92s dorm room. \
	About ten minutes prior to Min\'92s arrival, Liling had made it her mission to switch her daughter\'92s bed with Min\'92s, no matter the cost. \
	\'93See, because you couldn\'92t wake up this morning, we got here late and now you have the bad bed,\'94 she scolded Mabel in Mandarin when they entered.\
	\'93What? How is it the bad bed?\'94 Mabel retorted back in English.\
	Liling switched to English then too, something she instinctively did when she felt like her daughter wasn\'92t understanding her. Despite having less proficiency in it than her native tongue of Chinese, she felt English was the best way to get her point across: \'93Your bed is pointing straight out the door, Mabel. Bad feng shui. And look at the direction of air conditioning\'97it\'92s going to blow straight into your face!\'94 Liling let out an exasperated sigh. \'93You\'92re going to get so sick\'85\'94 She eyed the mattress on the opposite side of the room with envy. Sadly, a sea of luggage sat around and atop it\'97claimed, but there was no roommate around to bargain with, at least not yet.\
	Mabel walked over to the closer bed\'97her bed\'97and indeed could feel the AC, not incredibly strong, but a stream of cool air nonetheless. A bubble of anxiety began to boil in her stomach, the worst kind, where her mother was right, but she didn\'92t want to admit it. \
	\'93It\'92s fine, Mom\'97\'94 \
	\'93Maybe we ask your roommate to switch with you\'97explain that you are sensitive to cold.\'94\
	\'93Moooom, no.\'94\
	\'93I can talk to her!\'94\
	\'93Mom, stop.\'94\
	\'93Okay, I\'92ll talk to her 
\f1\i mom 
\f0\i0 then, not her. That will make you feel\'97\'94\
	And that\'92s when the door to the suite opened, whereupon Liling neither said hello, nor inquired about a potential mattress swap, but instead immediately demanded to know Min\'92s race. \
	\'93Are you Chinese?\'94 Liling blurted at Min.\
	As soon as the question left her mom\'92s mouth, Mabel felt a part of herself die.\
	Min smiled politely back. \'93Hi, nice to meet you. No, I\'92m Korean.\'94\
	Oh. Mabel didn\'92t know that. From the shitty UNYC housing portal website, Mabel knew Min\'92s last name to be Reese-Moreno. There were four names total in their suite, all with grey, faceless avatars beside them: Mabel Cheng and Min Reese-Moreno in Room 18D-1; Bella Tang and Carly Haverstein in Room 18D-2. \
	A couple of weeks before school started, Mabel had successfully found Min on Instagram, which was no easy feat, considering Min had abbreviated her last name to RM, making the search harder than it should have been. Min\'92s account was also private, which Mabel requested to follow\'97a request, to Mabel\'92s immense irritation and anxiety, that had still not been accepted to this day. \
	For the several jittery weeks leading up to the start of school, all Mabel had was a tiny, pixelated profile picture to imagine who she would be spending her first year of university with. The photo was of a fit, tan-bodied, model-esque girl, posing in front of an equally beautiful waterfall. Her arms were effortlessly thrown up in the air, her hips cocked to one side accentuating her abs, and the hot-pinkness of her bathing suit was flattering against her skin tone. Since she was standing at a distance from the camera, it was hard to make out exactly what ethnicity she was. Her blue-tinted sunglasses didn\'92t help either, but going off the hyphenated last name, Mabel assumed Min to be half-Latino or half-Filipino, and half-white.\
	Now finally seeing her in person, Min did look rather fully East Asian\'97still just as pretty as her profile picture suggested, if not even more attractive.\
	\'93Did you know the dorms were this disgusting?\'94 a voice whispered harshly from beyond the door. \'93Min, honey, are you sure you don\'92t want to just live at home?\'94 it called out.\
	\'93We already discussed this. She needs the real college experience,\'94 another muffled voice responded from outside. \'93You know how much we stress the importance of residential life at UNYC.\'94\
	Liling eagerly walked toward the entrance to greet Min\'92s presumed mother and father as they rounded the corner\'85\
	Mabel eyed her mom fervently from behind with laser intent, telepathically begging her not to meddle\'85\
	But the door opened and there was no mom in sight\'97let alone any Koreans for that matter\'97but rather two men. One looked uncannily like Anderson Cooper, but much older and less angular. The other appeared about fifteen years younger, with a sharp jaw and a peppery mop of curly hair, dressed in a crisp outfit of all black.\
	Liling shot her daughter a terse look of both confusion and frustration.\
	\'93Hi, I\'92m Liling, but you can call me Lily.\'94\
	\'93Hi, I\'92m Gerald, and this is Mario. We\'92re Min\'92s dads.\'94 \
	Mabel could see the invisible gears slowly working in her Liling\'92s head and couldn\'92t help but smirk a little at her mother\'92s discomfort. But as quick as Liling was to fumble, she was equally speedy in recollecting herself.\
	\'93Hey, I know what it\'92s like to want the best for your daughter,\'94 Liling said. \'93Would yours mind trading beds with mine? Mabel is so sensitive to temperature. Seems like your daughter doesn\'92t mind the cold!\'94 Liling gestured to Min\'92s lack of clothes.\
	Mabel. Wanted. To. Die.\
	New York City had greeted its incoming students with a scorching hot weekend to move into, and you could argue that Min was dressed suitably for the weather: a white deep-V bralette, high-waisted khaki short shorts, and a navy baseball cap. Though, such an outfit would never be considered appropriate under any circumstances to Liling. \
	Mabel looked down at her own disappointing, though mother-approved, garb: pilled, worn-out athletic shorts and a T-shirt from junior high splattered with the eighth-grade cursive signatures of her classmates. Mabel\'92s only excuse was that most of her \'93more fashionable\'94 clothes were packed away in her bags and that she had prioritized comfort over style for the 12-hour-long car ride.\
	Gerald chuckled. Mario opened his eyes slightly wider in disbelief\'97subtly, so he thought, but Mabel had seen it.\
	\'93I am so sorry,\'94 Mabel hurriedly apologized. To her mother, \'93It\'92s fine!\'94 she hissed.\
	\'93The feng shui is really bad, too,\'94 Liling continued anyway, drawing a line with her hand from the end of the bed to the entrance where Mario and Gerald still stood. \'93Terrible to have feet pointing out door.\'94\
	To Mabel\'92s surprise, Mario agreed. \'93She\'92s right. I remember researching it about two seasons ago for a possible new line. See, Gerald, these dorms, they\'92re just\'97we were actually thinking about having Min stay at home anyway. We live pretty close.\'94\
 	\'93No, no, no,\'94 Gerald shook his head. \'93Min, do you mind?\'94\
	Min had been rifling through her various bags, ignoring the conversation at hand, appearing to be searching for something. \'93Well, I don\'92t want to be the victim of bad feng shui, either,\'94 she said without looking up.\
	\'93Gerald, there has to be a better room for the two of them, a bigger one. Can we transfer them to that {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://3E82D606-143B-4E17-8CA2-EC87610EC6DB"}}{\fldrslt new residence hall that was just built?}}\'94\
	\'93Look, I\'92m not in charge of housing assignments,\'94 Gerald\'92s voice began to tremble with a little bit of anger, but he took a deep breath and continued more softly. \'93Mario, honey, can you use your eye for design and help rearrange the furniture in a way that\'92s both suitable to the geomancy of the space and the needs of its residents?\'94\
	Liling nodded her head vigorously, not sure if a better compromise would come her way. \'93Yes, we can help move.\'94\
	\'93Alright,\'94 Mario conceded.\
	Suddenly, startling everyone, a ringtone chimed from Liling\'92s Coach bag at full volume. She answered the phone in Chinese, said a few words, and then hung up.\
	\'93Okay, Dad called and said he found a parking spot out front,\'94 Liling informed Mabel. \'93He wants us to go meet him.\'94\
	\'93I\'92ll go by myself,\'94 Mabel moved toward the exit almost immediately, eager to remove herself from the room.\
	\'93Okay, I\'92ll stay and help move the furniture,\'94 Liling responded.\
	Without even having said a single word to Min herself, Mabel felt that her roommate relationship was ruined already; so this was the meaning of being dead on arrival.}