{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 Mabel was grateful to have some prior partying experience from the tail-end of high school. A goody two-shoes until senior year, Mabel shattered her teetotal ways on the most cliched of nights\'97Prom Night.\
The fact that she even attended was surprising enough: 1) because no one had asked her to go, and 2) to repeat: she had always been an incredibly strait-laced, quintessential rule follower. \
But her active role in student government had paid off in an unexpected way. For her significant contributions in planning the event, Mabel was rewarded with a complimentary Prom ticket. And she knew better than anyone\'97having been the one to handle most of the invoices\'97just how much those tickets were worth; it would be fiscally irresponsible not to go.\
And if that wasn\'92t reason enough, Mabel\'97the masochist that she was\'97wanted to witness her (supposed) best friend Lacey enjoy the night with Brandon Maher, the man she quietly loved. She needed to hate-watch every moment of them going together, to feel the crushing weight of not being chosen, and to experience the repeated stings of being less than.\
It was a terrible idea\'97obviously. Seeing Lacey and Brandon arm-in-arm for an entire evening had been nothing short of 
\f1\i a-gon-izing
\f0\i0 . When the two finally disappeared into the throngs of the after-party, Mabel brooded in the corner of the basement alone, arms-crossed and grumbling. It was Kara, an acquaintance from student government, who finally came over to interrupt Mabel\'92s sulking.\
\'93Hey, Mabel.\'94\
Mabel mumbled something incoherent back.\
\'93You okay?\'94\
\'93Been better.\'94\
Kara sympathized, placing a hand on Mabel\'92s shoulder, a gesture Mabel appreciated more than she let on.\
\'93What about you?\'94 Mabel asked back. \'93Where\'92s Danny?\'94\
\'93Getting a blowjob in the bathroom from Elaine,\'94 Kara said nonchalantly.\
Mabel\'92s eyes widened. \'93What? Are you okay?\'94\
\'93Oh, yeah,\'94 Kara clarified quickly. \'93I don\'92t like him or anything. But still\'97rude, right?\'94\
\'93Incredibly.\'94\
Kara shrugged. \'93I found this," she revealed a bottle of wine she had been hiding behind her back.\
\'93Oh, wow, I thought all the drinks had been decimated.\'94 Mabel eyed the bottle suspiciously, as if it were a snake that could bite her.\
\'93Nope, and lucky for us, it\'92s a screw-off.\'94 Kara twisted the cap with a satisfying crack and took a big swig from the bottle. She tipped the neck toward Mabel.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\i \cf0 Oh, why the fuck not?
\f0\i0  Mabel took a few fast gulps, drinking quickly to try to avoid the taste. Still, her face puckered in involuntary response, and she handed the bottle back to Kara, already feeling flushed, and maybe a little dizzy, too.\
\'93Let's hijack the music,\'94 Kara took another drink and waved for Mabel to follow after her.\
Mabel took a second pull of wine, as well. She felt herself loosening up, becoming giggly.\
Kara ripped the aux cable from the cracked phone that was currently playing LMFAO on repeat. \'93Sexy and I Know It\'94 was rudely interrupted mid-chorus, but quickly replaced by a pulsating electronic beat that Mabel instantly recognized. \
\'93Too on the nose?\'94 Kara asked.\
\'93No, it\'92s perfect,\'94 Mabel smiled for the first time that night.\
As \'93Dancing On My Own\'94 by Robyn filled the room, Mabel and Kara found themselves quickly swept up in the rhythm. They bounced, shrieked loudly off-key, and for the rest of the night, danced their worries away, far from feeling alone.}