{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl336\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
	In the first week of school, Mabel was embarrassed to admit that the class she looked forward to the most was one outside of her Biology major.\
	As Mabel entered UNYC\'92s Cinema School, she had to remind herself that she wasn\'92t trespassing. Unlike the College of Liberal Arts and Sciences\'97whose main building was plain and inoffensive at best\'97a neon sign with the Cinema School\'92s name hung buzzing and blinking behind the main security desk. The exposed brick walls were adorned with row after row of movie posters, autographed by the alumni who worked on them, and graffiti-style way-finding stickers guided Mabel to her classroom.\
	Upon pushing open the doors, Mabel found herself in a spacious auditorium. On stage, a screen was pulled down, implying that they would be watching something. \
	Mabel surveyed the room; the students here also differed drastically in appearance from her biology classmates. She saw patterns of tops and pants that she would never wear (let alone pair together), hair cut in ways she had never seen, and makeup she felt like she only saw on fashion runways.\
	Everyone sat in either pairs or clusters, talking loudly; it seemed like cliques had already formed. Mabel entered the unclaimed first row and found a seat in the middle.  \
	\'93Welcome to The Language of Animation! I\'92m Professor Charles McFeely,\'94 an old, chipper man waved endearingly from on stage. At the end of Mabel\'92s row, a tall, lanky guy in a beanie and hoodie ducked into the aisle seat, catching the start of class just in time. \
	\'93The goal of this course is to watch various animated films and discuss their techniques afterward,\'94 the professor went on. \'93Yes, you heard me correctly. We will just be watching full-length movies in this class\'97a welcome break from your heavier production courses, I hope.\'94\
	Mabel shriveled in her seat, feeling once again like an imposter. The truth was, she had lucked out with her course registration.\
	\'93I guess you can enroll in a crit class,\'94 her advisor offered flatly, \'93as long as there are still spots left after the film students have made their selections. They always get priority.\'94\
	Mabel had initially wanted to sign up for the Intro to Animation Production course, but her advisor offered even less support here: \'93The pre-med track is already demanding on its own, and film production courses come with a substantial workload. Enrolling in classes from both departments is not a standard path for pre-med students.\'94\
	Mabel must have flashed her a look that suggested she could be an exception because her advisor continued: \'93Remember, you\'92ll need to maintain a strong GPA for medical school applications. Taking on such a heavy course load might put your performance in your pre-med track at risk, especially in your freshman year.\'94\
	Mabel, unsettled by the mere mention of grades, decided to forgo the production course. Fortunately, she discovered a film criticism class called \'93The Language of Animation,\'94 which was miraculously still open for enrollment even after the art students had claimed their spots. Mabel was convinced she had a glitch to thank.\
	\'93Today, we will be looking at some of the earliest pioneers in animation: J. Stuart Blackton, \'c9mile Cohl, Winsor McCay, and of course, Walt Disney.\'94 Professor McFeely squinted toward the back of the room, instructing his teaching assistants concealed in the AV booth, \'93Could you roll my first clip, please?\'94\
	The lights began to dim, and the screen lit up bright blue. \'93Source: HDMI, No Signal,\'94 read on the bottom left-hand corner. Students waited patiently for the picture to change, but after a minute, the room filled with the rising sound of chatter. \
	Professor McFeely shrugged nonchalantly, \'93First week of school. Please give us a moment.\'94 He ambled off the stage with his long, wobbly legs, heading towards the back of the auditorium.\
	With this, the room erupted into full-blown conversation, leaving Mabel feeling somewhat exposed without a speaking partner. She looked towards her row-mate and found him scribbling in a notebook. Should she introduce herself? Or would that be an unwelcome interruption? She tried to take a peek at what he was sketching, but couldn\'92t find the right angle. She gave him a few beats to return her glance, but he never did.\
	Mabel looked dispiritedly down at her own notebook. The page was blank, save for the date and title of the class she had written at the top. She had always admired people who could freely doodle in the margins. She teased the idea of creating something herself, picking up her pen and giving it a twirl for encouragement, but as always, froze as soon as its tip touched the paper.\
	Suddenly, the auditorium speakers popped at a deafening volume, halting all chitchat. The projector burst to life as well, finally emitting an image that wasn\'92t solely blue. Professor McFeely bounded back up the aisle and returned to sit at his podium atop the stage.\
	As he outlined at the start of class, Professor McFeely screened the short films of J. Stuart Blackton and \'c9mile Cohl first. Blackton, unlike Mabel, had no trouble putting chalk to chalkboard. In his 
\f1\i Humorous Phases of Funny Faces
\f0\i0 , Blackton effortlessly brought caricatures and whimsical characters to life. Mabel couldn\'92t help but feel a pang of grief whenever Blackton\'92s characters were erased into white, cloud-like oblivion. Cohl\'92s 
\f1\i Fantasmagorie
\f0\i0  featured a stick figure engaging with a surreal, morphing line-art environment. Perhaps inspired by 
\f1\i Funny Faces
\f0\i0 , Cohl\'92s film also employed a white-on-black aesthetic. Professor McFeely elucidated the painstaking frame-by-frame process of creating both early animations and Mabel marveled at the patience and dedication it must have taken.\
	In 
\f1\i Gertie the Dinosaur
\f0\i0 , Windsor McCay engaged in playful interaction with his titular creation. Gertie responded to calls, gracefully bowed on command, and effortlessly balanced on one foot upon request. Mabel couldn\'92t help but smile as she watched the dinosaur gleefully consume everything in her surroundings. The entire class burst into laughter when Gertie flung a mammoth into the lake behind her, a comical act of retribution for having sprayed her with water earlier. \
	Professor McFeely concluded the class by screening 
\f1\i The Illusion of Life
\f0\i0 , a documentary highlighting the techniques and artistry behind Disney\'92s earliest animated movies. The film featured interviews with Frank Thomas and Olli Johnson, both renowned members of Disney\'92s \'93Nine Old Men,\'94 a core group of supervising animators at the studio. Mabel couldn\'92t help but happily notice the resemblance between the professor and these industry legends; all donned thick glasses, warm smiles, and soft sweaters. \
	Mabel found herself too engrossed in what she saw to take any extensive notes, but she was able to record the following quote: \'93How some moving lines on a screen can make us laugh or cry. You can take that pencil and make anything happen.\'94}