{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 As Philip finished packing up his stuff, Greg eyed the clock. The impromptu tour and flip book viewing had taken around thirty minutes, and it was approaching 10pm.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mabel used her superpowers of perception and could sense that Greg was a bit stressed. \'93What time is your production class tomorrow?\'94\
\'939am!\'94 Philip answered emphatically on his behalf, raising his eyebrows and reemphasizing his disbelief that Greg had not yet begun. \'93Good luck, dude. Looking forward to seeing your work tomorrow. And nice to meet you, Mabel.\'94 Mabel and Greg returned goodbyes, and Philip scurried away.\
\'93Are you worried about getting your animation done?\'94 Mabel asked gently.\
\'93A little bit,\'94 Greg admitted.\
\'93Do you want to skip dessert?\'94 Mabel offered.\
"Not realllllly," Greg whined.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Mabel was stressed on his behalf, but secretly flattered that Greg still wanted to hang out. Truthfully, Mabel should also have been anxious for herself, as she too was procrastinating homework.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \'93Let\'92s make it fast then?\'94 she suggested.\
Greg sighed. \'93Yeah, okay.\'94\
So the two sped-walked from the Cinema Building to the dining hall, shoveled down some sweet concoctions, and then were met again with an awkward parting.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Still not wanting to say goodbye, Mabel suggested working somewhere together.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Greg hesitated. \'93Sure,\'94 he finally said. \
Mabel wondered what he had considered in that time. 	\'93Do you want to go back to the animation floor?\'94 he suggested. \'93I feel like we\'92ll have the most space there.\'94\
\'93So soon? I\'92m overjoyed.\'94\
Once back on the 6th floor, Greg and Mabel found most of the tables empty. Besides them, there was only one other student remaining, working on the computer lab side of room.\
\'93I'm going to need some space...\'94 said Greg.\
\'93Same,\'94 replied Mabel. \'93Calculus always takes me 50 pages to do\'85 Comparable to a flipbook, I guess!\'94 eliciting a chuckle from Greg.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Greg took the first long table for himself and Mabel the second. They took their seats in a way that the two still managed to face each other. \
Mabel had always preferred to study alongside others, though not for its boosts in productivity. In fact, it often hindered her progress, and nothing was more distracting than co-working with a cute boy. But what was she to do, choose responsibility over pheromones? No. Luckily, the healthy distance between their bodies coupled with the urgency of imminent deadlines might actually do her some good for once.\
Greg had always been shy about his work and often worked better alone. It wasn\'92t because he disliked company\'97quite the opposite, actually; it was just much easier to completely avoid feelings of self-consciousness without anyone around. But in less than ten hours, Greg would be screening his animation to his entire class, so there was really no point in continuing to be coy. And Mabel seemed like decent company enough.\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl336\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 As the two worked, the found themselves erasing large portions of drawing and math work, respectively. Rubber shavings littered the entire peripheral of their workspaces. While Mabel would make the occasional glances up towards Greg to see his face twisted in concentration, illuminated by the glow of the light box, Greg never seemed to return looks back her way. That happened to be another one of Mabel\'92s superpowers\'97the ability to to perceive if someone was looking at her without seemingly peering back at them. \
Soon, it was 11:30, midnight, 1am, and then 2am, and at 2:24am exactly, Mabel and Greg both put their pencils down and finished their work at the same time. \
Greg walked over to Mabel\'92s seat and examined her calculus problem set. \'93It\'92s beautiful, I feel like you\'92ve created all the assets to that math formula equations overlay meme. And wow, your handwriting is incredible.\'94\
\'93Thank you so much,\'94 Mabel bowed her head in gratitude. \'93Though I can\'92t guarantee that any of the equations are correct.\'94\
Mabel hesitated to ask if she could see Greg\'92s flip book (she had already inquired several times to see his work to no avail), but this time, she didn\'92t have to. Greg offered. As Mabel packed up her bag, Greg straightened out his index cards, dropping the stack against the table a few times to make sure everything was lined up. He flipped through the deck once on his own, previewing his work before beckoning Mabel over. She swung her backpack around her shoulder, walked over, and slotted herself behind Greg\'92s shoulder. Her cheek was a few inches away from his, on her hand rested on the on the back of his chair.\
The scene depicted a man sitting at a desk with index cards scattered in front of him. He leaned back in his chair, brought his hands to his face, and ripped his eyes out of their sockets. He let his arm fall at his sides, loosened his grip on the eyeballs, and gingerly let them drop from his fingertips. The eyeballs landed on the floor and bounced a few times. Mabel thought she could hear splats and squelches. While the drawing was a bit rough in quality, the motion was fantastic, and the sketch-like quality only added to the frenzied stress of the character.\
\'93I love it,\'94 Mabel said. \'93You're clever\'97meta.\'94\
\'93Got inspired from Phillip... and you. You definitely looked like that over there.\'94\
Mabel felt briefly taken aback; so he had been looking at her after all. }