{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\fi360\sl312\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf0 \'93Hello? Can you hear me?\'94 Mabel adjusted her earbuds, screwing them into both sides of her head until they felt secure. \
\'93Yes, hi!\'94 Kara\'92s tinny voice responded back enthusiastically. \'93It\'92s been ages. How have you been?\'94\
A lot had happened in the first two months of school, but there was really only one thing on Mabel\'92s mind: Greg.\
On cue, Kara asked, \'93How\'92s that boy you\'92ve been texting me about?\'94\
Mabel felt like she had written an entire novel about her and Greg in her head. No, describing herself as an author was far too generous. Writing required control, restraint, and elegance\'97none of which Mabel possessed. She had no handle over this story. \
Describing her as a blathering detective would be much more accurate instead. Her case? Whether Greg was guilty of the crime of liking her. \
Except instead of letting the clues guide her to a single, sensical conclusion, Mabel couldn\'92t see anything objectively. Each interaction she had had with Greg over the last couple of months was a notecard pinned to a cork board. Wrapped around each exchange was string that exploded in various hurried directions, supporting X theory or Y conclusion\'97X and Y often being directly in conflict. \
Just when Mabel thought she had cracked the case, that she had enough evidence to tip the scale one direction\'97her direction\'97more information would present itself that would send her into yet another spiral of confusion{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivcmt://2AA41979-416B-4257-9935-75ADB2B9DE69"}}{\fldrslt .}} \
Mabel wished she had a physical version of this evidence board to present to Kara, as it probably would have been helpful to explain the situation. Instead of diving right in, however, Mabel started with the following thought experiment:\
\'93Say you\'92re in a relationship. When, if ever, do you bring up your relationship status in conversation?\'94\
\'93Well, it depends on who I\'92m talking to. Immediately, if a creepy dude is hitting on me.\'94\
\'93Yes,\'94 Mabel affirmed. \'93Right away in that instance for sure.\'94\
\'93Hell, when it comes to diverting men, I\'92ll even lie and pretend I have a partner even if I don\'92t.\'94\
Mabel agreed again. \'93And what, on the other hand, would make you wait?\'94\
\'93Oh, I don\'92t know. If it wasn\'92t relevant to the conversation. I don\'92t want to be that girl who can only talk about her relationship.\'94\
\'93Yeah, those people who bring it up right away sound like they\'92re boasting. Oh, my 
\f1\i boyfriend
\f0\i0  this. Oh, my 
\f1\i girlfriend
\f0\i0  that.\'94\
Kara scoffed in disgust and assent. \
Mabel waited a beat, to see if Kara would say anything else. Instead, she asked, \'93Why do you bring this up?\'94\
\'93Well\'85\'94 Mabel began. \'93It turns out, Greg has a girlfriend.\'94\
Kara gasped.\
\'93But he didn\'92t tell me until two months after we started hanging out!\'94\
\'93Ah, he waited. But why?\'94\
\'93Exactly! Actually, telling me is generous. I basically pried it out of him.\'94\
\'93What happened? How did you find out?\'94\
Mabel cleared her throat, readying herself to recite the facts of the case:\
\'93A week ago, on Halloween, Greg came dressed to school in an well-tailored Neo costume, black buttoned trench coat and all.  This wasn\'92t some Party City get up. It fit him so well, I assumed it was custom-made. And being tall, he pulled it off really well with his height. \
\'93Now, as you know, I\'92m smitten with this man and his impeccable drawing skills, so I didn\'92t put it past him to be a talented seamstress as well. So when I asked him, \'91Oh, my god, where did you get the Matrix get up?\'92 I was just assuming he\'92d respond back that he had made it himself.\
\'93He actually didn\'92t answer at first. He just said thanks. And I had to ask again, \'91Did you make it?\'92 Oh man, I hope I hid my facial expression well enough when he said, \'91No, my girlfriend made it for me.\'92\'94\
\'93We\'92ve been hanging out consistently for the past six weeks, often multiple times throughout the week, and that was the first mention of any girlfriend. \
\'93And the weekend before that, Greg had invited me to a film party some of his classmates were throwing. (Kara, the arts kids are so much cooler than the pre-med students.) And during that night, we got super drunk. We were lounging on a couch in the basement, alone, and I was so wasted. I wanted to kiss him so bad.\
\'93But I didn\'92t have the balls to do that though, so I let myself rest my head on his shoulder instead. And he just let me do it, but now when I say it out loud, what is he supposed to do? Push me off? Maybe he didn\'92t bother to do anything about it, because to him, it\'92s a complete non-issue. He must see me like a sister, not even thinking to fend me off, because in his head, I\'92m no competition with Francine\'97\'94\
\'93Francine?\'94 Kara cut Mabel off.\
\'93Yeah that\'92s the name of his girlfriend. She\'92s studying costume design at some small school in L.A. She made herself a matching Trinity costume for Halloween. He showed me. She\'92s so pretty\'85\'94\
\'93I\'92m just so confused. God, I sound like my roommate Min. She\'92s been seeing this guy who clearly doesn\'92t want anything serious. He refuses to commit to her and give her the time of day, which makes no sense, because she\'92s literally the hottest person I\'92ve ever met. But she keeps saying things like, she 
\f1\i knows
\f0\i0 . She knows that he likes her deep down, he just needs time to realize it. And when I hear that, I think she\'92s absolutely delusional. But maybe I actually understand what she means\'85\'94\
\'93Anyway, yeah, I guess there\'92s a world that someone wouldn\'92t mention their relationship status to someone they have a crush on, but that\'92s just wishful thinking isn\'92t it? I need to nip this in the bud.\'94\
\'93I really hope we continue to be friends. He said that he\'92ll probably need help on his animation final at the end of the semester. I really want to help him. I definitely don\'92t have the time, but I just love being around him. I\'92m not sure if that\'92s going to be healthy for me, but I\'92m just going to have to get over it.\'94\
Mabel felt as though she had been rambling for hours. Finally, she had laid out all of her evidence, presented as best as she could, and it was time for Kara to give Mabel a second opinion.\
\'93Couldn\'92t it just be\'85\'94 Kara started to say, her words so slow that Mabel wanted to throw her phone across the room out of impatience, \'93\'85that this guy, Greg, has a girlfriend... 
\f1\i and
\f0\i0  probably likes you a little bit, too?"\
Mabel\'92s mouth dropped at the suggestion. Her detective world was one of black and white. Guilty or not guilty. There could be no such thing as something so gray.\
\
\
He dressed up on Halloween in this insane costume. I asked him when he had put it together, and he said that his girlfriend had sent it to him. That she had made it for him. Why had he waited until I asked to mention it? It makes me think that he was hiding the fact that he had one from me because he does in fact like me. But I guess we\'92ve only known each other for a few weeks?\
He also invited me to a film party last weekend. Dude, the art kids are so much cooler than the pre-med students. I know that sounds obvious, but they are just next level Kara. And during the night, we got super drunk. We were hanging out on the couch, and I was so wasted. I wanted to kiss him so bad.\
* But I couldn\'92t... because even though we\'92ve been hanging out a ton, he told me he has a girlfriend.\
* I let myself rest my head on his shoulder that night, and he didn\'92t move. He just let me do it, but now when I say it out loud, I guess\'97what is he supposed to do? Push me off? Maybe he didn\'92t bother to do anything about it, because to him, it\'92s a complete non-issue. He must see me like a sister, not even thinking to or worrying about fending me off, because in his head, I\'92m no competition with Francine.\
* I\'92m just so confused. God, I sound like my roommate Min. She\'92s been seeing this guy who clearly doesn\'92t want anything serious. He refuses to commit to her and give her the time of day, which makes no sense, because she\'92s literally the hottest person I\'92ve ever met. But she keeps saying things like, she *knows*. She knows that he likes her deep down, he just needs time to realize it. And when I hear that, I think she\'92s absolutely delusional. But maybe I actually understand what she means...\
\
\
\
\'93We met in that history of animation class I\'92m taking. Kara, he\'92s insanely talented at drawing. I haven\'92t seen much of his work, but I caught a peak at his sketchbook, and it is unreal. I cannot believe I am in proximity of such a talented person. I guess we\'92re even 
\f1\i friends
\f0\i0 . I don\'92t know how I finagled it, but we\'92ve gotten into a rhythm of getting dinner each week after class.\'94\
\'93 \
* He\'92s tall, like really tall, cute, curly brown hair, wears all black. Think skater vibes. \
* Conversation is just so easy with him. I feel like we\'92re always laughing. He took me to his favorite vegan restaurant. I know... it\'92s sort of a red flag that he doesn\'92t eat meat, but I appreciate how principled he is. He\'92s the type of person that seems to care really deeply about things. \
* His mom is this super famous professor, and he\'92s been all around the world. I feel like he knows so much about everything. He\'92s super smart. I think he speaks at least four languages. I can\'92t even speak Chinese, and I\'92m Chinese.\
* We\'92re nonstop texting all the time. During the course of this phone call, he\'92s sent me like 3 memes already.\
* And his favorite TV show is also Avatar the Last Airbender. Hearing all this, doesn\'92t it seem like we are destined to be together?\
* Not only is he into comics as much as me, Kara, he likes the Quixotic Quad, too! It\'92s his favorite comic! Did you know that New York City has like fifteen comic stores? Fifteen? Nothing like the tiny place in Tulson. We have plans to go to the biggest one tomorrow. \
* He also invited me to a film party last weekend. Dude, the art kids are so much cooler than the pre-med students. I know that sounds obvious, but they are just next level Kara. And during the night, we got super drunk. We were hanging out on the couch, and I was so wasted. I wanted to kiss him so bad.\
* But I couldn\'92t... because even though we\'92ve been hanging out a ton, he told me he has a girlfriend.\
* I let myself rest my head on his shoulder that night, and he didn\'92t move. He just let me do it, but now when I say it out loud, I guess\'97what is he supposed to do? Push me off? Maybe he didn\'92t bother to do anything about it, because to him, it\'92s a complete non-issue. He must see me like a sister, not even thinking to or worrying about fending me off, because in his head, I\'92m no competition with Francine.\
* I\'92m just so confused. God, I sound like my roommate Min. She\'92s been seeing this guy who clearly doesn\'92t want anything serious. He refuses to commit to her and give her the time of day, which makes no sense, because she\'92s literally the hottest person I\'92ve ever met. But she keeps saying things like, she *knows*. She knows that he likes her deep down, he just needs time to realize it. And when I hear that, I think she\'92s absolutely delusional. But maybe I actually understand what she means...\
* He didn\'92t tell me until just a week ago about his girlfriend. Why did he wait so long? He didn\'92t even offer the information. I had to drag it out of him. Well, drag is an intense word. He dressed up on Halloween in this insane costume. I asked him when he had put it together, and he said that his girlfriend had sent it to him. That she had made it for him. Why had he waited until I asked to mention it? It makes me think that he was hiding the fact that he had one from me because he does in fact like me. But I guess we\'92ve only known each other for a few weeks? It would have also been rude if within five minutes of us knowing each other, he just starts talking about his girlfriend.\
* I don\'92t know!\
* I really hope we continue to be friends. He said that he\'92ll probably need help on his animation final at the end of the semester. I really want to help him. I definitely don\'92t have the time, but I just love being around him. I\'92m not sure if that\'92s going to be healthy for me, but I\'92m just going to have to get over it.\
\
Mabel felt as though she had been rambling for hours. She most likely had. Finally, she had laid out all of her evidence, presented as best as she could, and it was time for Kara to give Mabel a second opinion.\
\
\'93Couldn\'92t it just be\'85\'94 Kara started to say, her words so slow that Mabel wanted to throw her phone across the room out of impatience, \'93\'85that this guy, Greg, has a girlfriend... *and* probably likes you a little bit, too?"\
Mabel\'92s mouth dropped at the suggestion. Her detective world was one of black and white. Guilty or not guilty. There could be no such thing as something so gray.}